

=== Product: Ryobi ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Ryobi Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Ryobi Parts Your Price $9.50 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Lawn Mower Flange Wheel Bearing ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9006914 Manufacturer Part Number 532009040 The OEM bearing, also known as the flange bearing, is silver, made of metal, and sold individually. It is used on riding mowers to secure the wheel in place and allow it to rotate freely on the shaft. Over time, the part may become worn and damaged, which you will notice if you experience a squealing or grinding sound from the wheel in question, or you notice the wheel is sloppy on the shaft. You will need a hammer and punch to complete this repair, which most of our customers rated as easy. Make sure you tap the new bearing into place evenly inside the tire rim. Installation Instructions robert from EUREKA, CA transaxle rotated forward on 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS. Both transaxle support struts broke causing the transaxle rotated forward and shear transaxle mounting bracket. The transaxle was not damaged. All 3 parts required replacement. There are some good youtube videos to watch to show how to complete the repair. HINT: I removed the mower deck and placed jack stands under the frame to support the rear end of the mower. I then supported the transaxle with a floor jack. This worked great for positioning/aligning the transaxle up to the frame after the new mounting bracket was installed. HINT: Due to the shearing of the transaxle mounting bracket, it was difficult to get a socket to seat correctly on the some of the nuts securing the transaxle to the mounting bracket. I highly recommend getting 4 new nuts because you will likely damage/strip the nut while removing it. HINT: The youtube videos all show removing the rear tires. The rear tires can be difficult to remove; and there are some interesting youtube videos on removing stuck rear tires. If you have a stuck rear tire, you can complete the repair with the tires on; it is just a bit more challenging to squeeze your hands behind the tire to reach the bolts. I was able to only get one tire off. HINT: If I wasn't able to do the repair with the rear tire on, my idea for getting the rear tire off was to fabricate a bracket that would work with a gear puller. The plan was to utilize the two symmetrical 1/4 inch-ish size holes in the rim to install 12" long bolts. I would then install a C-channel over the bolts, which would place the C-channel directly over the axle. I would then drill a hold in the C-channel for the gear puller bolt to go through. The shoulders of the gear puller bracket would then push against the c-channel. I was planning on using a few large fender washers on the back side of the rim to help prevent the rim from getting damaged when pulling the tire. You will be pulling the rim about 3 inches to get it off the axle. HINT: It look four hours to repair plus another half hour of watching youtube videos; probably would have taken two hours if I didn't spend two hours trying to take off one of the rear tires that was stuck. HINT: Since I was working under the mower, I also replaced the drive (motion) belt as preventative maintenance. Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Lawn Mower Ring Clip ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9143890 Manufacturer Part Number 812000029 The Ring Klip Number T5304-75, also known simply as a ring clip, is an OEM part designed to secure your mower wheel to its axle. This part is black, made of metal, and around an inch in length. It is sold individually and may become damaged over time due to wear and fatigue. Installation Instructions Anthony from OLIVEHILL, TN Wheel bushings were bad Removed old clip removed rim from tractor, removed grease fitting on rim, took hammer and screw driver knocked out old bushing turned rim over knocked out other bushing. Press in new bushings reinstalled grease fitting slide tire back on tractor, put retaining washers on then locking clip put on dust cover grease at grease fitting. Repeat other side. Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Cap Axle Black 1 50 X 00 ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9007667 Manufacturer Part Number 532104757 This genuine black cap axle, also sometimes known as the dust cap, is around 2 inches in diamater and sold individually. Comprised of plastic, it is designed to keep debris out of the hub and axle of your lawn mower or garden tractor. Over time, your dust cap may become damaged or lost due to wear and tear. If this happens, dirt and debris can freely enter the axle and hub, causing damage. This is an easy repair to make and does not require any tools. Just look for the cap axle on the rim of the wheel to make your repair. Installation Instructions Anthony from OLIVEHILL, TN Wheel bushings were bad Removed old clip removed rim from tractor, removed grease fitting on rim, took hammer and screw driver knocked out old bushing turned rim over knocked out other bushing. Press in new bushings reinstalled grease fitting slide tire back on tractor, put retaining washers on then locking clip put on dust cover grease at grease fitting. Repeat other side. Read more... Your Price $5.29 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Lawn Mower Mandrel Spacer Washer PartSelect Number PS9286886 Manufacturer Part Number 532187690 An OEM part sourced directly from the manufacturer, this part is sold individually. Washers help to spread the load, and prevent damage to the surface being fixed, or provide some sort of insulation such as electrical. Washers can also be important for preventing galvanic corrosion. This specific washer is commonly used with outdoor lawn equipment, and is compatible with the mowers and tractors that are listed below. Your Price $16.74 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Lawn Mower High Lift Blade ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9286056 Manufacturer Part Number 532138971 This replacement blade is supplied directly from the original equipment manufacturer for use with Craftsman riding lawn mowers and garden tractors. It is secured under the deck to cut the grass, over time the blade may become dull or damaged causing irregular cutting patterns. Inspect your blades periodically and replace them as needed to maintain a clean cut lawn. It is a high-quality component which is made of durable steel and it is sold individually. Installation Instructions Trace from LISLE, IL Needed to replace the bent blades on my riding mower. - Made the mower safe to work on the blades (remove spark plug wires, etc.) - Raised the mower to get access to the blades, wedged a wood block against the blade. - Used impact driver with socket to remove bolt holding blade. - Removed blade, replaced with new, replaced bolt and tightened with impact driver, ..... and you know the rest. Read more... Your Price $4.13 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Lawn Mower Washer ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9008998 Manufacturer Part Number 532121749 This OEM washer, also known as a flat washer, has dimensions of 25/32 x 1-1/4. Silver in color and metal, the washer is sold individually. Although this part can have a range of applications depending on the equipment, its general function is to spread the load under a bolt. Ensure you consult your owners manual or check your model number to confirm this is the washer you need for your equipment. This part will need to be replaced when your existing one is worn or damaged. It is an easy repair according to our customers, and does not require any special tools. Installation Instructions Frederick from BINGHAMTON, NY Front wheels, too much end play Shimmed the wheels out on axle.. No more slop. Read more... Your Price $2.99 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Cap PartSelect Number PS12657384 Manufacturer Part Number 522994001 This spool cap is for line trimmers. Spool cap covers the bottom of the line spool and prevents the spool from falling out of the spool housing. Your Price $30.81 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Mulching Blade PartSelect Number PS9169783 Manufacturer Part Number 942-0741A This authentic replacement blade is manufactured for use with Craftsman walk-behind lawnmowers and is designed to deliver clean, efficient cuts. Measuring 21 inches in length, the blade features an angled design that promotes optimal airflow, allowing grass clippings to circulate through the cutting deck for effective side discharge and mulching. Over time, mower blades can dull or wear down, leading to torn grass blades and a less polished lawn appearance. Replacing a worn blade with this high-quality part ensures a sharper, cleaner cut that keeps your lawn looking its best. This blade is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Mower blade does not cut See more... Your Price $5.16 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Lawn Mower Hardened Washer PartSelect Number PS9015920 Manufacturer Part Number 532188967 This OEM hardened washer spreads load under the bolts of your lawn tractor. It is silver, made of metal, and is sold individually. Over time, the washer may become damaged due to wear and fatigue, and will need to be replaced. You may notice this part is damaged if you start hearing a grinding or rubbing noise between the tire rim and ring clip. You will need a pair of needle nose pliers to carry out this repair, which our customers generally found easy. You will locate the washer on the spindle, between the wheel and the ring clip. Your Price $24.77 In Stock Add to cart Ryobi Solenoid PartSelect Number PS16372182 Manufacturer Part Number 582042802 It is a genuine OEM sourced part is specially designed for riding lawn mowers and garden tractors. The solenoid acts like an electromagnetic switch, it engages and routes the battery electrical supply to the engine starter when the ignition switch is rotated to the start position. Unfortunately, over time it may wear out or get damaged eventually requiring a replacement. Keep in mind this high-quality solenoid is sold individually. You will need a screwdriver and a wrench set to perform this repair. Check the diagrams of your model for the exact location and the correct installation of the new part. Installation Instructions Russell from MACON, GA Dryer runs no heat Disassemble dryer. Replaced element assembly. Re assembled dryer. Unit runs and heats. Read more... Related Ryobi Parts Ryobi Brush CutterParts Ryobi Chainsaw Parts Ryobi Cultivator Parts Ryobi Edger Parts Ryobi GeneratorParts Ryobi Hedge Trimmer Parts Ryobi Lawn Mower Parts Ryobi Lawn Tractor Parts Ryobi Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Ryobi Log SplitterParts Ryobi NailerParts Ryobi Paint SprayerParts Ryobi Planer JointerParts Ryobi Pole Saw Parts Ryobi Pressure WasherParts Ryobi Snow Blower Parts Ryobi SprayerParts Ryobi SweeperParts Ryobi Tiller Parts Ryobi TrimmerParts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Shakespeare ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Shakespeare Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Shakespeare Appliance Types Shakespeare Baitcast Reels Parts Shakespeare Fly Reels Parts Shakespeare Ride-On ATVs Parts Shakespeare Spincast Reels Parts Shakespeare Spinning Reels Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Sharp ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Sharp Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Sharp Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $95.89 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Replacement Ice Maker ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 185 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2121513 Manufacturer Part Number D7824706Q This ice maker (Ice Maker Assembly, Refrigerator Ice Maker) produces ice cubes that are ejected into the storage bucket. It is located in the freezer section of your appliance, mounted on the freezer wall. The ice maker can break from normal wear and accidental damage. If this happens, your refrigerator may no longer make ice cubes, or may not make enough cubes, and the part should be replaced. This model measures approximately 11 inches long and 5 inches wide. It’s constructed of plastic and metal, and comes in black/white/silver. This assembly includes the ice mold and the control device. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Doesn’t stop running Ice maker dispenses too little ice See more... Installation Instructions Bernie from Diamond Bar, CA Icemaker producing few or no cubes and often leaving "kling-ons" on ice tray Interior surface of ice tray felt rough & flaky (coating deteriorated) so cubes would not release. Unplug appliance. Remove timer cover by hand pressure @ edge. Remove single attachment screw & bracket at lower front of icemaker. Disconnect wiring harness from socket @ rear of compartment. Tricky part was determining what type of connection held the other two attachment points along the long edge of the icemaker. I did not have repair manual or useful drawing but looked @ PartsDirect pic of side brackets & used a small mirror to confirm that mine were also some sort of "snap in" attachment. Remove icemaker unit by pushing upward and outward on the unit. I takes a good bit of pressure and will pop loose, but be careful not to break attachment bracket from freezer wall. Scavenge shut off bar and wiring harness from old icemaker once you have it out & attach to new one before installing it back in freezer. Again, you might find a mirror useful to align those pesky snap-in brackets with the new unit. Since you probably kept your freezer running while waiting for the part, the plastic snap-ins will be cold and brittle. I warmed them up first by applying a dampened cloth heated in the microwave to make them a little more pliable. A good push of the new unit towards the snap-ins along with some upward force will get it stable. Reattach the metal screw in bracket & connect the wiring harness to rear plug... and don't forget to plug the whole thing back in. It will take awhile for the first batch of cubes dump as the timer may need to cycle completely around to get to the fill cycle... be patient. Dump the first couple of batches of cubes just to make sure you're free of any residue. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.75 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 78 Reviews PartSelect Number PS884734 Manufacturer Part Number 8009 This an authentic OEM 40-Watt replacement light bulb, used in a number of household appliances. It is specially designed to withstand extreme temperatures, which is why these replacement bulbs are most often used to light the inside of refrigerators and ranges. It features a standard socket base, which means you simply unscrew the burnt-out bulb and screw in the replacement. Depending on the appliance you may require a screwdriver or nut driver to access the light bulb. We recommend you wear work gloves while handling this replacement part. It is constructed of glass and metal and is sold individually. Depending on the appliance and location of the bulb within it, you may want to consider disconnecting power and using a flashlight for easier access to unscrewing and re-screwing in your bulb during this repair. Installation Instructions judie from mays landing, NJ interior drawers were off their rollers pulled the washer out and replaces the top roller system on both sides and the replaced the weels and brackets on the bottom drwaer. however i had trouble putting the dish washer back correctly and had to call a repairman to adjust the dishwasher and alighn it to open and close properly. but i did do good inside. i feel it was easy and a success. thank you for having the supplies for us to attempt to repair it on our own. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Refrigerator Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 95 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12728638 Manufacturer Part Number W11384469 Door switch turns the light off when you close the door. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too warm Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Clint from Rayville, MO Lights inside refrigerator not working I used a flat-head screwdriver to pop out the old light rocker switch. Then, I unplugged the wires, plugged them into the new light rocker switch, and then popped the new switch into the hole. That's it! Lights began working again. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 39 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12731166 Manufacturer Part Number W11396033 This light switch may also be known as a refrigerator door switch or a light switch kit, and is compatible with your refrigerator. The function of the refrigerator door switch is to turn on the light when your fridge door is open, and to make sure it is off when your refrigerator door is closed. The reason you would need to replace this part is if your light is not turning on when your door is open. For this repair, you will need a putty knife, and a small flat-blade screwdriver. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Kevin from Beckley, WV while closing the door, the light switch fouled, resulting in the switch breaking I used a flat screwdriver and released the lock tab on the bottom of the light switch, and pried the switch out, being careful to not damage the plastic around the mounting place of the switch, unplugged wiring from old switch, plugged in the new one and pushed the new switch into place. Job finished light switch now working. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $62.32 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Refrigerator Condenser Fan Motor Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 50 Reviews PartSelect Number PS395284 Manufacturer Part Number 833697 This condenser fan motor kit is designed for use with refrigerators. This fan draws air through the condenser coils and over the compressor. It does this with the goal of cooling the warm refrigerant before it enters the evaporator. When your fan or fan motor is not working your refrigerator will not cool properly. This is a 2-Watt, 115 Volt motor that rotates the fan in a counter clockwise direction. This kit includes the hardware needed for installation, and a set of instructions. Before you begin any repair work make sure to unplug your appliance. Fixes these symptoms Freezer section too warm Fridge and Freezer are too warm Fridge runs too long See more... Installation Instructions Tom from Franklin, WI Sometimes the condenser fan would start causing the refrigerator to overheat. Unplug the appliance. Removed the screws holding the back panel. Removed the fan blade. removed 3 screws holding the condenser fan. Remove the 3 metal brackets attached to the fan. (First note which studs the brackets are attached to. Attach the 3 metal brackets to the new fan. (New screws were supplied) Cut and strip the wire about two inches from the fan. Cut and strip the new wire. I cut the new wire in half (about 6 inches.) Connect the two wires, twist and used 2 wire nuts. Tie wrap the wire to the wire harness. Mount the new fan (three screws) Screw the back panel back on. Mount the new Read more... Your Price $24.95 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Diode ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 10 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12584264 Manufacturer Part Number W11256462 This diode, or high voltage diode, is used in microwaves. It is an electrical current control device that ensures power flows in one direction and not the other way. If your microwave produces no heat, heats inconsistently, or gets noisy, replacing this part can be the solution. The tools needed for this replacement are a nutdriver, pliers, and screwdrivers. First remove the microwave cover, then remove the old part by disconnecting the small thermostat. Replace with the new diode. Remember to use the diagram provided by the manufacturer for more instructions. Fixes these symptoms No heat Noisy Won’t turn on See more... Installation Instructions kelvin from san diego, CA no heat this problem started two months ago when my micro quit heating up, after all the research most agreed it was the magnetron. taking the micowave apart is not to difficult just make sure you bag all the screws accordingly. the high voltage area is on the right hand side behind a panel. caution there is a capacitor that will bite if your not careful, need to short the circuit between the two connectors with an insulated screw driver it will make a small pop or let it sit for awhile and it will discharge by itself. The magnetron worked for two days then quit, after more research i took it apart again and tightened up all the connections. Worked great on the bench but when i got it back up on the cabinet two dayslater kaput again. so again i take it down and replaced the two cheapest parts in the high voltage system, magnetron thermst fix, and h.v diode. benched tested it this time for 3 days cooking anything that i could think of, worked great. its been one week now afer installtion and it is still working. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $15.65 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Light Bulb - 120v 25w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 10 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11747806 Manufacturer Part Number WPA3073101 This light bulb is a 120 volt, 25 watt incandescent appliance light bulb with a small base screw-in that fits in a variety of appliances such as microwaves, refrigerators, freezers, cooktops, or stoves. Its purpose is to light up the appliance when the door is open. This is a genuine OEM part. You may need to replace the light bulb if the existing bulb is burnt out or broken. This light bulb is sold individually and is a common wear part, it is recommended to order a spare. Installation Instructions Arau from Haverhill, MA The door was crocked and wouldn't shut properly Everything was easy. I read one of your other reviews and it gave me the confidence to try it myself. First i toke off the cap at the top of the door then the three screws. I lifted the door off so i could be sure the cam was my only problem then put the door back on. That took 5 mins. Then I got on the computer and ordered the parts i needed. Two days later the parts arrived and and i took the door off again. Then put the new cam on, applied a litle vasiline, put the door back on and forgot that i ever had a problem. Thanks for the help. Doug Arau Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $51.43 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Refrigerator Run Capacitor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 5 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11743364 Manufacturer Part Number WP65889-4 This part helps the compressor kick on and off while maintaining a constant temperature to keep things frozen in your freezer. If you are noticing temperature issues with your refrigerator or freezer, the run capacitor may need replacing. This repair is fairly easy to complete, and the only tools you will require are a 1/4 inch nut driver, and a 1/4 inch socket with a small ratchet. The run capacitor is located in the back of the fridge, so you will need to make sure you have room to work on this repair. Make sure to unplug the fridge prior to beginning the repair. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Freezer section too warm Fridge and Freezer are too warm See more... Installation Instructions Gilbert from Clinton, MO The compressor would not run. I removed the screws in the lower back panel where the compressor is located. Then I unplugged the capacitor and plugged the new one in. I then checked to see if the compressor would start. It wouldn't so I replaced the overload relay with capacitor and that fixed the problem. The capacitor just plugs into the relay then plugs into the compressor. There are several screws but all in all it is easy. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $46.05 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Refrigerator Armshut ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 6 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12712096 Manufacturer Part Number W11342242 This ice level arm, also known as an ice shutoff arm, is designed to detect the level of ice within the ice bin of your ice maker or refrigerator and turn it off when enough ice has been made. When the ice maker is empty, the arm will be down. When the ice maker is full, the arm will be raised, and over time, wear and tear to the level arm can cause the ice maker to stop making ice completely. To replace this arm, unplug your appliance and remove the ice making assembly, then pull the levelling arm out of the assembly and place the new one. Consisting of a long, angled metal arm and a plastic flap, this level arm is a genuine OEM part that is compatible with a wide-range of refrigerators and icemakers and measures at approximately 9-inches by 4.5-inches. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker dispenses too much ice Ice maker not making ice See more... Installation Instructions Thomas from Va. Beach, VA shut off arm broke open ice maker door, use mirror to view slot in front of ice maker, slip piece in place and done Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $15.65 In Stock Add to cart Sharp Light Bulb - 7w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 7 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11731356 Manufacturer Part Number W10857122 Sold individually. This bulb is a 7-watt appliance incandescent light bulb. This appliance light bulb is two inches long. It is used for many clothes dryers. You will need a Phillips screwdriver and needle-nose pliers. Unplug the power from your dryer. You will find the light bulb by opening your dryer door and locating the casing surrounding the bulb on the top of the inside of the door. You will need to remove the single screw holding it in place to access the bulb. Twist the old bulb out of place. Use your pliers if the base of the bulb is still inside the socket once the glass part of the bulb has been removed. Check to make sure that the socket itself is not damaged. If the socket is damaged it will need to be replaced as well. Screw your new bulb into place. Installation Instructions Mark from West Chester, PA Timer won't advance for auto-sensing cycles. Low Heat. First I unplugged the dryer from the wall outlet. Then, removed the access panel in the lower front (held on by 2 screws near the floor). Then, I removed the black plastic air duct (held by 3 screws) in front of the blower. Then, with a Sharpie marker, next to each wire terminal lug, I labeled on the chassis the COLOR of each wire where it plugs on to a terminal lug (for proper wiring re-assembly later). Then, thru the lower front, I reached into the lower left rear of the dryer to remove the heating element assembly from its metal duct (held by 3 or 4 screws) - it slides down a bit, then it is easily removable. I layed the element on the floor in front of the dryer - all wiring still intact. Then, using the NEW HEATING ELEMENT and SENSORS ordered, I assembled them to match the original, re-using screws off of the old unit - and moving the wiring one-by-one from the original to the new assembly. I then installed the new heating element assembly into the duct at the lower rear of the dryer. I then replaced the 2 sensors on the front metal panel of blower housing, with new parts from my order, re-using the original wiring and screws. Then I re-installed the black plastic duct onto the front of the blower. Then, on the top of the dryer, I dissassembled the control panel from the rear, by removing 5 screws. I then found the resistor mounted on the back of the timer, and replaced it with the new one. Since the new resistor did not come with terminal lugs crimped on its wires, I had to cut the terminal lugs off of the original resistor and solder them onto the new resistor. I then reassembled the control panel. I then plugged the dryer back into the wall outlet and did a test run with no clothes. IT WORKED !! Then I reinstalled the lower front access panel and ran the dryer with wet clothes. IT WORKED !! Read more... Sharp Appliance Types Sharp Refrigerator Parts Sharp Fridge Parts Back to Top Popular Sharp Models Below are the most popular Sharp models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? HMG651580 Sharp Refrigerator Model HMG651580 Parts R1480 Sharp Microwave Model R1480 Parts HMG651587 Sharp Refrigerator Model HMG651587 Parts R1200 Sharp Microwave R1200 R230KW Sharp Microwave R230kw R1462A Sharp Microwave Model R1462A Parts R9H91B Sharp Microwave Model R9H91B Parts R8310 Sharp Microwave Model R8310 Parts R209HK Sharp Microwave Model R209HK Parts R305HW Sharp Microwave Model R305HW Parts R120D Sharp Microwave Model R120D Parts R1502 Sharp Microwave Model R1502 Parts R630DW Sharp Microwave Model R630DW Parts KB-3425LK Electric Range With Microwave Drawer R-5A97 Microwave R403HW Sharp Microwave Model R403HW Parts R-209EKA Sharp Microwave Model R-209EKA (R209EKA, R 209EKA) Parts R508HS Sharp Microwave R508hs R1741A Sharp Microwave R1741a R401CWL Sharp Microwave R401cwl + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Shindaiwa ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Shindaiwa Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Shindaiwa Parts Your Price $6.81 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Trimmer Trimer Purge Bulb ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11826485 Manufacturer Part Number P005003120 This Primer Bulb is a clear, plastic, individually sold part with an Outer Diameter of 0.720 inches (18.30 mm) and a Height of 0.674 inches (17.12 mm). With Flange: 0.842" (21.40 mm). This part is rated as Easy to install by customers, and attaches to the primer pump assembly. If the part shows signs of breakage, such as cracks appearing due to the bulb drying out, or fatigue, then it must be replaced. Refer to your owners manual/model number to ensure you are choosing the correct part. Your Price $7.33 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Air Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 7 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9195232 Manufacturer Part Number A226001410 This Genuine OEM air filter is a critical component designed to protect your engine by preventing dirt, dust, and other small particles from entering the carburetor and causing internal damage. Sold individually, this high-quality filter features a double-layer construction that enhances filtration efficiency and ensures optimal airflow. Over time, filters can become clogged with debris, restricting air intake and reducing engine performance. For best results, this type of filter should be replaced—not cleaned—once it becomes dirty. Regular replacement helps maintain engine health and ensures reliable operation of your outdoor power equipment. Installation Instructions Paul from SENECA, SC Fuel line grommet rotted This blower is quite old looked on YouTube. Removed grommet with needle nose pliers. Removed tank to install new parts. I had trouble getting return line off carb so planned to reuse it after grommet was in place. Thin was a mistake because the seated grommet compresses the holes. Took unnecessary time to get it through. With my trimmer with all lines in place. Hardest part was to get the grommet to seat even with silicone. Read more... Your Price $5.54 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Fuel Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11826311 Manufacturer Part Number A369000480 This OEM Fuel Filter is a silver and white, steel/felt, part measuring about 1.25 inches in length and 3/4 inch wide. It can be installed with pliers and is rated as Easy to install by customers. This part attaches inside the fuel tank to clean the fuel of debris, and should be replaced during regular maintenance, check your manual for recommended replacement time. If the filter is leaking or it has a blockage preventing fuel flow, then it should be replaced. If the engine sounds like it is not getting enough fuel, then remove the filter and check it for blockage. Installation Instructions Paul from SENECA, SC Fuel line grommet rotted This blower is quite old looked on YouTube. Removed grommet with needle nose pliers. Removed tank to install new parts. I had trouble getting return line off carb so planned to reuse it after grommet was in place. Thin was a mistake because the seated grommet compresses the holes. Took unnecessary time to get it through. With my trimmer with all lines in place. Hardest part was to get the grommet to seat even with silicone. Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Purge Bulb PartSelect Number PS8858167 Manufacturer Part Number 12318140630 The Primer Pump, aka the Pump Bulb, is a clear, individually sold, plastic part, sourced from the original equipment manufacturer. It has an Outer Diameter of 0.616 Inches, 15.66mm and is 0.558 Inches and 14.19mm in height. This part is used to pump fuel from the tank to the carburator and is rated Easy to install. This part installs onto the primer assembly. If the part dries out or starts leaking that means it is broken (likely due to fatigue or general wear) and must be replaced. Check the model number to ensure you are choosing the right part. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Trimmer Spark Plug ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9263506 Manufacturer Part Number 15901019830 This Spark Plug Bpm-8y is a silver and white OEM part. Made of steel and ceramic it is individually sold, and is an electrical part. It is installed with a spark plug socket and is rated as Easy to install. It is attached inside of the cylinder head, and is used to ignite the air fuel mixture inside the combustion chamber. You can clean the spark plug with a fine sandpaper of 180 or more, then spray it with carburator cleaner and wipe dry. However, even after regular maintenance, spark plugs need to be changed as part of good engine fine-tuning. Regap to manufacturer specifications. Refer to your owners manual or model number to ensure you are choosing the correct product. Note: If your engine has more than one cylinder and sounds like it has a miss, you can remove each spark plug wire one at a time to find the miss. If the engine drops in rpm when you remove the wire, then that cylinder is fine, if it does not drop then you have found your miss! Your Price $7.89 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Leaf Blower Fuel Tank Vent ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9183121 Manufacturer Part Number A356000031 This a a genuine OEM replacement check valve for your small engine. It is also known as a fuel tank vent. You may need to replace this part if you are noticing debris or dirty oil in the reservoir. Make sure the engine is cool before you begin this repair, and remove the wire and boot from the spark plug to prevent the engine from starting up. Installation Instructions Donald from ORANGE PARK, FL fuel tank leaking around where lines went in tank took all the old parts off and replaced them Read more... Your Price $6.17 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Trimmer Fuel Grommet ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 7 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8859978 Manufacturer Part Number 13211546730 This is a genuine ECHO/Shindaiwa replacement part It is compatible with over 150 machines listed below. The Fuel Line Grommet is placed into the fuel tank. The Vent tube, Fuel return line and fuel line are inserted through the three holes. A worn Fuel Line Grommet will cause fuel to leak from the tank. When replacing the Grommet it is advisable to replace the fuel lines at the the same time. Installation Instructions Donald from ORANGE PARK, FL fuel tank leaking around where lines went in tank took all the old parts off and replaced them Read more... Your Price $8.90 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Fuel Filter Assy. ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16478678 Manufacturer Part Number A369000460 The Fuel Filter is a white and silver, individually sold, steel part. It reuires pliers to install and its installation is rated as Easy. The part attaches inside of the fuel tank and is used to clean the fuel of debris. It should be changed regularly. Check your owners manual for the recommended replacement schedule for your engine. If the fuel is leaking or their is a blockage, you will know the part is broken and will likely need to be replaced. To check for small leaks, feel around for dampness and the smell of fuel. Installation Instructions Keith from NORWOOD, NJ Replace clogged fuel filter. Thru fuel cap, insert copper wire with hook formed on end. Fish around until you grab the fuel line. Pull the fuel line and filter thru the fuel fill neck. Pull off old filter and replace with new. Push back into fuel tank & be done. Read more... Your Price $7.04 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Purge Bulb ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8857246 Manufacturer Part Number 12318139130 This OEM replacement part is used to pump fuel from the tank to the carburetor in order to start the engine. It may also be referred to as a Primer Bulb. It is made of durable black plastic and is sold individually. This part will be found in various locations, depending on your model; refer to your owners manual to locate it on your machine, but is commonly found on the side of the air cleaner or carburetor. To complete this repair, you will need a screwdriver. The Purge Bulb needs to be replaced when it is cracked or damaged. It will become fatigued through regular use and may leak fuel when it is malfunctioning. Customers rated this repair as Easy. Installation Instructions Richard from SPRING HILL, FL Bulb was worn out and broken open The unit is a press fit. To remove the old one required breaking the plastic compression tabs that hold it in place. That was simple enough. Replacing requires lining up in the correct position to meet the inner hose. Then push it in. The compression tabs on the replacement click in and hold.in place. Read more... Your Price $5.37 In Stock Add to cart Shindaiwa Trimmer Fuel Return Tube PartSelect Number PS8862036 Manufacturer Part Number 13201056330 The fuel return tube or fuel return line, as it is also known, delivers fuel back to the tank from the primer bulb. This is a genuine OEM part from the manufacturer, and it is yellow in color and sold individually. Its overall dimensions are 3x6x90mm. Over time, or due to over-tightening, cracks may appear in your fuel return tube, causing fuel to leak. You will know it is time to replace this part if you notice these symptoms. This is an easy repair, according to our customers, and does not require any special tools. The new part will simply attach to the primer bulb and fuel tank. Installation Instructions Paul from SENECA, SC Fuel line grommet rotted This blower is quite old looked on YouTube. Removed grommet with needle nose pliers. Removed tank to install new parts. I had trouble getting return line off carb so planned to reuse it after grommet was in place. Thin was a mistake because the seated grommet compresses the holes. Took unnecessary time to get it through. With my trimmer with all lines in place. Hardest part was to get the grommet to seat even with silicone. Read more... Related Shindaiwa Parts Shindaiwa Brush CutterParts Shindaiwa Chainsaw Parts Shindaiwa Cultivator Parts Shindaiwa Edger Parts Shindaiwa EngineParts Shindaiwa GeneratorParts Shindaiwa Hedge Trimmer Parts Shindaiwa Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Shindaiwa Pole Saw Parts Shindaiwa Power Broom Parts Shindaiwa Sprayer Parts Shindaiwa Spreader Parts Shindaiwa TrimmerParts Shindaiwa Water Pump Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Shimano ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Shimano Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Shimano Appliance Types Shimano Baitcast Reels Parts Shimano Conventional Reels Parts Shimano Fly Reels Parts Shimano Spincast Reels Parts Shimano Spinning Reels Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Snapper ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Snapper Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Snapper Parts Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Engine Fuel Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9285148 Manufacturer Part Number 530095646 This Genuine OEM fuel filter is designed to maintain the performance and longevity of your equipment by preventing dirt and debris from entering the carburetor. Located inside the fuel tank, this essential component ensures clean fuel delivery, protecting the engine from potential damage caused by contaminants. Sold individually, the filter is built to meet original equipment standards for fit and function. Over time, the filter may become clogged, restricting fuel flow and making engine starts more difficult. For optimal performance, it should be replaced—not cleaned—at the first sign of blockage or wear. Fixes these symptoms Engine stops after a few seconds or minutes Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Mark from LYNDONVILLE, NY Deterioration of fuel line system Removed the top cover (T25 torx), and side cover (T25 torx) with recoil starter. Drained all fuel, and removed all pieces of fuel old fuel line and the weighted filter from inside the tank by shaking out and the (long forceps). A spot headlamp makes it easier to see inside the tank for much of the procedure. Remove the foam filter to find the two 8mm nuts and remove the air filter housing and carburetor (nut driver, 8mm socket) the choke lever slides out of its slot with some wiggling and moving the carb back off the mounting studs. Leave the throttle cable attached to the filter housing and move both assemblies out of the way to access the top wall of the fuel tank. There is a cover over the carb adjust screws that wiggles out also. The fuel line and purge line both pass through the wall of the tank and need to be pulled out with some effort (long curved forceps) from inside the tank through the fuel fill port. They are a tight fit. Pay attention to the lines size and location. Large line is in the position away from the recoil starter with the little plastic fitting hanging near the top of the tank. The smaller line is closest to the recoil starter. Both new lines will need to pass through the tank wall (this is the most difficult part). To facilitate the initial entry through the wall of the tank, cut a tapered end on your new lines. Use a very slippery lube to coat the end of the line and push it into the tank as far as you can from the top (forceps or soft grip pliers) help. Look inside the tank and pull the lines through fully out of the tank fill (long curved forceps and head spot light). Don't pull all the way through the fuel fill, just enough to install the new fuel line fitting in the return purge line and the new weighted filter on the fuel line and pull the lines back inside the tank. The return line with fitting close to the top of the tank and the filter hanging so it lays at the bottom of the tank, and able to swing around so it keeps contact with fuel at all times. Remove the old purge/primer bulb two screws (Phillips). The short stem is suction, long stem is pressure. Don't mix them up and connect lines backwards, don't ask me how I know! Lol! If you have such a saw like mine, that has no fuel lines intact, it is difficult to vision the line routes. There are helpful schematics on the internet. Just remember that the purge bulb long fuel stem sends pressure back to the tank through the return line (larger line in the tank with the line fitting away from the recoil). That line can now be cut to length and pushed on the bulb long stem. The suction side of the bulb short stem, connects to the purge line on the side of the carburetor (short line). You need to cut that line to the same length as the old one. It has to curve twice to get to the suction side of the purge bulb without kinking. The only other line left is the fuel line with the filter attached hanging inside the tank. Be sure you have the filter able to lay on the floor of the tank and move around. That line connects to the carburetor opposit side from the purge bulb. Dont cut that one until the carb is installed for proper length. The fuel routes from that filtered line into the carb, then out of the carb to the purge bulb suction side, then out to the return line in the tank with the fitting end. That fitting installed into the line serves only to keep the line from pulling back out of the tank, nothing attaches to it. Make sure all lines are clear of the mounting area of the carb, and throttle function. Pass the bulb lines through the slot in the side of the case being sure the lines don't kink. Secure the bulb with the two phillips screws. Position the carb on the studs and slide the choke lever into its place in the case as you go. Place the filter housing on the studs and push the carb and housing down watching the fuel lines for any kinks, especially where the throttle cable is in close proximity to the short carb purge line. Check the throttle function for interferance, and Install the two 8mm nuts. Now route the fuel line around the throttle mechanism out of the way, hold it to the barb on the side of the carb and cut it to length and install. Put some fuel mix in the tank (dont fill it) to test. Press the primer bulb, tilting the saw with fill cap removed, and see if anything leaks, also watch fuel flow back to the tank inside as you press the bulb. You should see fuel and air bubbles from the purge line. When all air bubbles are gone the system is purged. Install the new foam filter in the housing and then the top and side cases. I did not reinstall the cover of the carb adjust needle screws so I could adjust the fuel/ air mixture to run at peak performance. Hope this helps! The kit that I got was perfect and there are some useful instructions included. Thank you! Respectfully Mark Read more... Your Price $30.81 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Mulching Blade PartSelect Number PS9169783 Manufacturer Part Number 942-0741A This authentic replacement blade is manufactured for use with Craftsman walk-behind lawnmowers and is designed to deliver clean, efficient cuts. Measuring 21 inches in length, the blade features an angled design that promotes optimal airflow, allowing grass clippings to circulate through the cutting deck for effective side discharge and mulching. Over time, mower blades can dull or wear down, leading to torn grass blades and a less polished lawn appearance. Replacing a worn blade with this high-quality part ensures a sharper, cleaner cut that keeps your lawn looking its best. This blade is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Mower blade does not cut See more... Your Price $5.47 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Spark Plug PartSelect Number PS8996057 Manufacturer Part Number 503235111 Compatible with over 150 models of lawn equipment, this Spark Plug has been sourced directly from the original manufacturer. It is sold individually, made of metal and ceramic components, and is not part of a kit or assembly. The spark plug is used to ignite the air-fuel mixture inside the combustion chamber. You may need to replace the Spark Plug if your 1 cylinder engine won't start, or if your more-than-1 cylinder engine runs rough. Spark Plugs will wear over time and should be inspected regularly. Customers rate this repair as Easy. Your Price $44.25 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Grass Catcher Frame Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9988561 Manufacturer Part Number 647-04271-0637 Discover a seamless approach to lawn maintenance with the MTD Grass Catcher Frame. This essential tool is expertly designed by MTD to facilitate an effective and efficient grass catching process. Durable, robust and made to last, it offers superior longevity ensuring many seasons of reliable use. Its precision engineering ensures excellent compatibility with your MTD lawn equipment, ensuring a perfect fit for hassle-free installation and use. Improve the look of your lawn and simplify your lawn chores with the high-quality MTD Grass Catcher Frame. Get a neat and well-manicured lawn every time. Your Price $10.27 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Fuel Line (25" Length) ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 5 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9008183 Manufacturer Part Number 530069247 This is the replacement fuel line 25 Inch for several OPE products that use small engines. The fuel line carries fuel from the tank to the carburetor. Over time, the fuel line can become badly clogged, and it can become brittle as well. When the fuel line is badly clogged or cracked, fuel can leak out and it can make it difficult to start or run the engine. To replace the fuel line, carefully disconnect the old line from the carburetor and from the fuel grommet, then replace it with the new line. This fuel line is 25 inches in length and is made of clear plastic. The fuel line is sold individually and is an OEM part sourced directly from the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Engine stops after a few seconds or minutes Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Mark from LYNDONVILLE, NY Deterioration of fuel line system Removed the top cover (T25 torx), and side cover (T25 torx) with recoil starter. Drained all fuel, and removed all pieces of fuel old fuel line and the weighted filter from inside the tank by shaking out and the (long forceps). A spot headlamp makes it easier to see inside the tank for much of the procedure. Remove the foam filter to find the two 8mm nuts and remove the air filter housing and carburetor (nut driver, 8mm socket) the choke lever slides out of its slot with some wiggling and moving the carb back off the mounting studs. Leave the throttle cable attached to the filter housing and move both assemblies out of the way to access the top wall of the fuel tank. There is a cover over the carb adjust screws that wiggles out also. The fuel line and purge line both pass through the wall of the tank and need to be pulled out with some effort (long curved forceps) from inside the tank through the fuel fill port. They are a tight fit. Pay attention to the lines size and location. Large line is in the position away from the recoil starter with the little plastic fitting hanging near the top of the tank. The smaller line is closest to the recoil starter. Both new lines will need to pass through the tank wall (this is the most difficult part). To facilitate the initial entry through the wall of the tank, cut a tapered end on your new lines. Use a very slippery lube to coat the end of the line and push it into the tank as far as you can from the top (forceps or soft grip pliers) help. Look inside the tank and pull the lines through fully out of the tank fill (long curved forceps and head spot light). Don't pull all the way through the fuel fill, just enough to install the new fuel line fitting in the return purge line and the new weighted filter on the fuel line and pull the lines back inside the tank. The return line with fitting close to the top of the tank and the filter hanging so it lays at the bottom of the tank, and able to swing around so it keeps contact with fuel at all times. Remove the old purge/primer bulb two screws (Phillips). The short stem is suction, long stem is pressure. Don't mix them up and connect lines backwards, don't ask me how I know! Lol! If you have such a saw like mine, that has no fuel lines intact, it is difficult to vision the line routes. There are helpful schematics on the internet. Just remember that the purge bulb long fuel stem sends pressure back to the tank through the return line (larger line in the tank with the line fitting away from the recoil). That line can now be cut to length and pushed on the bulb long stem. The suction side of the bulb short stem, connects to the purge line on the side of the carburetor (short line). You need to cut that line to the same length as the old one. It has to curve twice to get to the suction side of the purge bulb without kinking. The only other line left is the fuel line with the filter attached hanging inside the tank. Be sure you have the filter able to lay on the floor of the tank and move around. That line connects to the carburetor opposit side from the purge bulb. Dont cut that one until the carb is installed for proper length. The fuel routes from that filtered line into the carb, then out of the carb to the purge bulb suction side, then out to the return line in the tank with the fitting end. That fitting installed into the line serves only to keep the line from pulling back out of the tank, nothing attaches to it. Make sure all lines are clear of the mounting area of the carb, and throttle function. Pass the bulb lines through the slot in the side of the case being sure the lines don't kink. Secure the bulb with the two phillips screws. Position the carb on the studs and slide the choke lever into its place in the case as you go. Place the filter housing on the studs and push the carb and housing down watching the fuel lines for any kinks, especially where the throttle cable is in close proximity to the short carb purge line. Check the throttle function for interferance, and Install the two 8mm nuts. Now route the fuel line around the throttle mechanism out of the way, hold it to the barb on the side of the carb and cut it to length and install. Put some fuel mix in the tank (dont fill it) to test. Press the primer bulb, tilting the saw with fill cap removed, and see if anything leaks, also watch fuel flow back to the tank inside as you press the bulb. You should see fuel and air bubbles from the purge line. When all air bubbles are gone the system is purged. Install the new foam filter in the housing and then the top and side cases. I did not reinstall the cover of the carb adjust needle screws so I could adjust the fuel/ air mixture to run at peak performance. Hope this helps! The kit that I got was perfect and there are some useful instructions included. Thank you! Respectfully Mark Read more... Your Price $9.29 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Purge Line ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9008180 Manufacturer Part Number 530069216 This is the Genuine Craftsman replacement part. It is made out of Flexible Rubber and is Sold Individually. The purpose of the 530069216 Tank Purge Line is to return the excess fuel that is in the carburetor after the primer bulb has been pushed. The excess fuel is forced through the purge line back into the fuel tank. Over time the Tank Purge Line will become brittle and crack and will need to be replaced. Fixes these symptoms Engine stops after a few seconds or minutes Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Mark from LYNDONVILLE, NY Deterioration of fuel line system Removed the top cover (T25 torx), and side cover (T25 torx) with recoil starter. Drained all fuel, and removed all pieces of fuel old fuel line and the weighted filter from inside the tank by shaking out and the (long forceps). A spot headlamp makes it easier to see inside the tank for much of the procedure. Remove the foam filter to find the two 8mm nuts and remove the air filter housing and carburetor (nut driver, 8mm socket) the choke lever slides out of its slot with some wiggling and moving the carb back off the mounting studs. Leave the throttle cable attached to the filter housing and move both assemblies out of the way to access the top wall of the fuel tank. There is a cover over the carb adjust screws that wiggles out also. The fuel line and purge line both pass through the wall of the tank and need to be pulled out with some effort (long curved forceps) from inside the tank through the fuel fill port. They are a tight fit. Pay attention to the lines size and location. Large line is in the position away from the recoil starter with the little plastic fitting hanging near the top of the tank. The smaller line is closest to the recoil starter. Both new lines will need to pass through the tank wall (this is the most difficult part). To facilitate the initial entry through the wall of the tank, cut a tapered end on your new lines. Use a very slippery lube to coat the end of the line and push it into the tank as far as you can from the top (forceps or soft grip pliers) help. Look inside the tank and pull the lines through fully out of the tank fill (long curved forceps and head spot light). Don't pull all the way through the fuel fill, just enough to install the new fuel line fitting in the return purge line and the new weighted filter on the fuel line and pull the lines back inside the tank. The return line with fitting close to the top of the tank and the filter hanging so it lays at the bottom of the tank, and able to swing around so it keeps contact with fuel at all times. Remove the old purge/primer bulb two screws (Phillips). The short stem is suction, long stem is pressure. Don't mix them up and connect lines backwards, don't ask me how I know! Lol! If you have such a saw like mine, that has no fuel lines intact, it is difficult to vision the line routes. There are helpful schematics on the internet. Just remember that the purge bulb long fuel stem sends pressure back to the tank through the return line (larger line in the tank with the line fitting away from the recoil). That line can now be cut to length and pushed on the bulb long stem. The suction side of the bulb short stem, connects to the purge line on the side of the carburetor (short line). You need to cut that line to the same length as the old one. It has to curve twice to get to the suction side of the purge bulb without kinking. The only other line left is the fuel line with the filter attached hanging inside the tank. Be sure you have the filter able to lay on the floor of the tank and move around. That line connects to the carburetor opposit side from the purge bulb. Dont cut that one until the carb is installed for proper length. The fuel routes from that filtered line into the carb, then out of the carb to the purge bulb suction side, then out to the return line in the tank with the fitting end. That fitting installed into the line serves only to keep the line from pulling back out of the tank, nothing attaches to it. Make sure all lines are clear of the mounting area of the carb, and throttle function. Pass the bulb lines through the slot in the side of the case being sure the lines don't kink. Secure the bulb with the two phillips screws. Position the carb on the studs and slide the choke lever into its place in the case as you go. Place the filter housing on the studs and push the carb and housing down watching the fuel lines for any kinks, especially where the throttle cable is in close proximity to the short carb purge line. Check the throttle function for interferance, and Install the two 8mm nuts. Now route the fuel line around the throttle mechanism out of the way, hold it to the barb on the side of the carb and cut it to length and install. Put some fuel mix in the tank (dont fill it) to test. Press the primer bulb, tilting the saw with fill cap removed, and see if anything leaks, also watch fuel flow back to the tank inside as you press the bulb. You should see fuel and air bubbles from the purge line. When all air bubbles are gone the system is purged. Install the new foam filter in the housing and then the top and side cases. I did not reinstall the cover of the carb adjust needle screws so I could adjust the fuel/ air mixture to run at peak performance. Hope this helps! The kit that I got was perfect and there are some useful instructions included. Thank you! Respectfully Mark Read more... Your Price $36.14 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Upper Handle PartSelect Number PS16424685 Manufacturer Part Number 749-05084B-0637 This replacement handle is a genuine OEM sourced part. It is specially manufactured for walk behind and push lawn mowers. Upper handle allows user to control the lawn mower. It is attached to the lower handle assembly that is sold separately. This part is made out of metal and is sold individually. Please note, the control bar, knobs and cables are all sold separately. You will need a wrench to replace this upper handle. • Disconnect the bail bar • Detach the control cable • Remove the bolts and the nuts that secure upper handle • Secure the new handle using the same hardware • Reattach the bar and the control cable Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Nut-flglk 5/16-18 PartSelect Number PS9092936 Manufacturer Part Number 712-04063 This nut is a manufacturer-approved replacement part for various lawn and garden equipment. It is sold individually, not as part of a kit or assembly. Also referred to as a Lock Nut, it is resistant to loosening when threaded on a bolt. It has a variety of applications and is used in multiple locations on most models. Please refer to your owners manual to determine the exact location. While made of durable metal, the ends can round off from improper use of a wrench or socket. Depending on the location, this part may also become worn through regular use of your machine. It should be replaced when visibly cracked, worn or damaged. To complete this repair, you will need a wrench or socket, and a torque wrench. Ensure you torque the bolt according to the manufacturer recommendations. Customers rate this repair as Easy. VIDEOS! Your Price $6.02 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Bell Blade Support PartSelect Number PS17055954 Manufacturer Part Number 736-0524B-1 The Blade Support (Bell Blade Support) fits between the bottom of the blade and the blade bolt to provide support for the blade. It is installed underneath the cutting deck on the blade. Installation requires a hammer, 5/8 socket and torque wrench, and is rated as "Easy" by our customers. If broken or damaged (likely due to fatigue) you may hear a rattling sound coming from it, and the part should be replaced. This part is dark gray/silver, individually sold, and measures approx 3.5 x 1.25 inches. Refer to your make, model and diagrams to check if this is the correct part for you. Your Price $37.45 In Stock Add to cart Snapper Axle Asm-rear 11 ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16386134 Manufacturer Part Number 611-04144B This authentic component is sourced directly from the original equipment manufacturer. It is specially designed for use with push lawn mowers. It is an identical replacement for a damaged or a missing rear axle assembly that was installed on a new unit. This is the part that the wheels are attached to. Refer to the diagrams of your model for the exact location and the correct installation of this component. Note, it is made of durable metal and is sold individually. You will need a wrench set and a screwdriver to remove the wheels, disconnect the old axle assembly and attach the new part. Installation Instructions Tim from SPOKANE VLY, WA Broken adjustment lever Placed on stands to hold mower up, then removed wheels and clips, then placed new axle in place and replaced clips and wheels. Read more... Related Snapper Parts Snapper Chainsaw Parts Snapper Chipper Shredder Parts Snapper Cultivator Parts Snapper DethatcherParts Snapper EdgerParts Snapper EngineParts Snapper Generator Parts Snapper Hedge TrimmerParts Snapper Lawn Mower Parts Snapper Lawn Tractor Accessories Parts Snapper Lawn Tractor Parts Snapper Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Snapper Power BroomParts Snapper Pressure Washer Parts Snapper Small Engine Parts Snapper Snow Blower Parts Snapper SprayerParts Snapper Stump GrinderParts Snapper SweeperParts Snapper Tiller Parts Snapper TrimmerParts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Smeg ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty SMEG Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular SMEG Parts Your Price $14.39 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Permanent Filter Assembly PartSelect Number PS17818088 Manufacturer Part Number 693410927 This reusable coffee filter is designed for Smeg drip coffee machines, offering a convenient and eco-friendly alternative to disposable paper filters. Crafted from durable grey plastic with a fine metal wire mesh, it ensures optimal brewing performance while maintaining flavor clarity. Ideal for replacing a worn or damaged filter, this component provides long-lasting reliability and easy cleaning. Installation is simple—place the filter in the designated holder and enjoy consistent results with every brew. Your Price $17.52 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Whisk PartSelect Number PS17822741 Manufacturer Part Number 873170043 This milk-frother disc is designed to stir and aerate milk, creating smooth, thick foam for cappuccinos or gently mixing milk and chocolate for lattes and hot chocolate. It magnetically attaches to the bottom of the frother jug and features a notched, aeration-focused design that helps introduce air for a rich, creamy texture. Made from durable, heat-resistant plastic, it withstands high temperatures during extended frothing cycles, making it a reliable replacement when the original disc becomes worn or lost. Your Price $28.45 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Juice Collector PartSelect Number PS17818903 Manufacturer Part Number 699170575 This juice collector bowl is a genuine replacement component designed to catch freshly extracted juice before it is dispensed through the spout of a citrus juicer. Made from durable, BPA-free Tritan plastic, it offers excellent impact resistance, clarity, and long-lasting performance. The bowl is designed for clean operation, supporting efficient juice separation and helping reduce drips to keep countertops tidy. Easy to remove and clean, this juice collector helps maintain proper juicer function and hygiene, making it an ideal replacement for a cracked, worn, or missing bowl. Your Price $11.97 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Filter Holder Assembly PartSelect Number PS17818755 Manufacturer Part Number 698415428 Your Price $10.12 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Measuring Cup (tx1001) PartSelect Number PS17820949 Manufacturer Part Number 768452845 Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Gum Foot ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS17820010 Manufacturer Part Number 755770534 Your Price $18.99 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Halogen Lamp PartSelect Number PS17822471 Manufacturer Part Number 824610883 Your Price $28.51 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Smoothie Bottle PartSelect Number PS17820286 Manufacturer Part Number 761941960 Your Price $16.13 On Order Add to cart SMEG Cheese/butter Shelf Cover PartSelect Number PS17820336 Manufacturer Part Number 762173619 Your Price $34.76 In Stock Add to cart SMEG Mug Lid Tritan Renew PartSelect Number PS17820367 Manufacturer Part Number 762173968 SMEG Appliance Types SMEG Blender Parts SMEG Coffee Grinder Parts SMEG Coffee Maker Parts SMEG Cooktop Parts SMEG Dishwasher Parts SMEG Espresso Machine Parts SMEG Food Processor Parts SMEG Ice Maker Parts SMEG Juicer Parts SMEG Kettle Parts SMEG Microwave Parts SMEG Milk Frother Parts SMEG Miscellaneous Parts SMEG Mixer Parts SMEG Range Parts SMEG Vent Hood Parts SMEG Refrigerator Parts SMEG Toaster Parts SMEG Wall Oven Parts SMEG Warming Drawer Parts SMEG Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts SMEG Fridge Parts SMEG Oven Parts SMEG Stove Parts Back to Top Popular SMEG Models Below are the most popular SMEG models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? SEU365ETB Ceramic Cooktop SIMU530B Induction Cooktop S2772TCU Ceramic Cooktop SPR36UIMX Electric Range 36-Inch Induction Cooktop SIMU536B Induction Cooktop SR60GHU3 Gas Cooktops 24-Inch SPR24UIMX Electric Range 24-Inch Induction Cooktop PU64ES Gas Cooktops 24-Inch SEU304EMTB Ceramic Cooktop RTU304GX Pro Gas Cooktop RTU366GX Pro Gas Cooktop PGFU30X Gas Cooktop SEU122B Ceramic Cooktop PGFU36X Gas Cooktop SPR30UIMX Electric Range 30-Inch Induction Cooktop SIMU524B Induction Cooktop PGF75U3 Gas Cooktop SEU244ETB Ceramic Cooktop PU75ES Gas Cooktops 27-Inch S2641TCU Ceramic Cooktop + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Speed Queen ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Speed Queen Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Speed Queen Parts Your Price $19.89 Special Order Add to cart Speed Queen Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner - 3 Pack ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1960673 Manufacturer Part Number W10135699 Introduce your washing machine to the effective deep clean with the Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner by Whirlpool. Designed to remove and prevent unpleasant odors and stubborn residues, this product brings a refreshing touch to all brands of washing machines. Easy to use, simply add one tablet to an empty machine and run a hot water cycle. Each package contains three tablets, providing you with a monthly treatment for your machine. These powerful tablets are septic safe and impressively outperform bleach in cleaning efficacy. Choose Affresh for a long-lasting clean washer, and enjoy the quality assured by Whirlpool. Installation Instructions Mary from ROANOKE RAPID, NC Baker burner burned out. Unplug the stove from the electric. Took out two screws in oven, placed burner into oven into the open slops and replace the screws. Open back panel by removing two screws. Attach the two plugs to the burner and close back panel with the two screws. Plug-in stove and checked oven. Read more... Your Price $27.20 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen M Series New Style Coil Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 158 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334310 Manufacturer Part Number 279834 When the igniter reaches a high enough temperature, these coils (Coil Valve, Dryer Gas Valve Coil Kit, Dryer Valve Coil Kit, Gas Valve Solenoid) work together to open the gas valve and allow the gas to enter the burner. This is a safety mechanism to ensure that there are no unsafe buildups of gas inside your appliance. The coils are attached to the dryer gas valve. If the dryer does not heat or heats intermittently, the coil may not be opening the gas valve. Both coils must be operational for the valve to open. No continuity would indicate a defective coil, but they can be intermittent and fail when they get hot. Both coils should be replaced when one of them is broken. This part can break as a result of material fatigue from normal use. This part measures approximately 1 inch in diameter and 1 inch in height, and is constructed of plastic and metal. It comes in black/beige. This part features a 3-terminal boost/hold coil and a 2-terminal secondary coil Fixes these symptoms Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kirkwood, MO Gas Dryer would not ignite 1. Removed lint screen and holder frame. Unplugged the electrical cord and closed the gas valve in the line before it goes into the dryer. 2. Removed two bolts at bottom front of machine and took off the bottom front panel. 3. Removed three bolts from black plastic exit vent and took it out to give more room to access everything. 4. removed two wires and screws on the limit thermostat. Did the reverse to place the new one. 5. Removed wires (remembering placement), then holder screw. rotated the Gas Dryer Sensor counter clockwise to release the bottom tab so the sensor can be taken off the flame tube. Did the reverse to place the new one on. 6. Removed the one screw on the gas/flame tube that holds the bracket and igniter inside the flame tube. Removed the wires fro the igniter (remember placement) Slid the whole assembly toward the back of the machine to get the tube off the gas valve then rotated the whole assembly counter-clocwise to release the tab on the left side of the bracket. This was a little tight and had to work with it a bit to get the tab out and slide the whole piece out of the flame tube. 7. Once the tube and igniter were out i removed the scree that holds the igniter and replaced with the new one. Made sure no dust, etc. was in the piece. 8. Did the reverse to place the tube/igniter back into the flame tube. 9. Carefully and forcefully removed the wire connectors to the two coils. These were tough to get off. Removed the two screws that hold the bracket that holds the two coils in place. Slid the coils off the spindles remembering which one has the two wire connection and which one has the three wire connection and the way they went on. Replaced the old with the new. Placed the bracket onto the new coils and made sure the little bumps on the top are in the holes in the bracket. Tightened the screws to hold the coil bracket. Reattached the wire connectors to the coils making sure they go ALL the way back on. 10. Vaccumed everything I could to get lint, dust, etc. out. 11.Replaced the black vent plastic. 12 Made sure the exit vent on the back was not crimped or clogged. Checked the little flap door where the vent goes outside to make sure it opens and closes super easy to no air flow is restricted. 13. For testing I left the bottom panel open. Make sure you closed the door, reconnect the plug and turn the gas valve back on. Hit the go button on autodry or timed dry. The door must be closed to create the closed circulation of the system so the fan sucks the flame into the tube otherwise the flame will not fire deep into the tube and will set off one fo the overheat sensors. After hitting the go button your drum will start to rotate, then a few seconds later you'll hear a click and your igniter will start to burn bright orange. Another click and the gas should flow and ignite. 14. This shows that you've fixed the ignition problem. I just replaced everything I thought that could be wrong in stead of hunting and trial and error. All the parts were about $137 so I thought it was worth making sure. 15. IMPORTANT: If during your test the flame turns off after a little while then turns back on only to turn off again, don't panic. This happened to me as well. I found that you need to run the dryer with wet clothes in the dryer. The wetness in the clothes will keep the autodry sensor from shutting off the dryer since there will be moisture in the exhaust. If it's on timed dry the wet clothes will cool the exhaust air and keep the overheat sensors from turning the heat off. So no heating of dry clothes to get out wrinkles. Just dry the wet clothes. This is all I did and it's been working great so far. Good Luck! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Multi Rib Belt ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 106 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11742271 Manufacturer Part Number WP40111201 This dryer drum drive belt attaches to the motor pully and works the drum as the motor rotates. The belt has a length of 93- 3/6 inches, and wraps all the way around the dryer drum, around a tension pulley, and then around the drive motor pully. Replacing the rib belt could solve symptoms such as a screeching noise when the dryer tumbles, a broken belt (dryer will not tumble if its broken), no heat or not enough heat, or the dryer will not start. The tools needed for this repair are a nut driver and a putty knife. Remember to unplug the dryer before installing the part and protect your hands by wearing gloves. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Robert from Skokie, IL Replace drive belt Remove front panel, lint basket, motor mounts,exhaust hood, front drum brackets. Then slip serpentine belt around drum, pressure w/ tension idler pulley and slip around drive motor spindle. Replace all parts in reverse order (a two person job). Vacuumed inside of dryer (full of lint.) Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $20.95 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Drum Support Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 15 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741913 Manufacturer Part Number WP37001042 This drum support roller is used for square-ported model clothes dryers. This part is sold individually; however, rollers tend to wear at the same rate, so it is suggested that both should be replaced at the same time. It has a metallic bearing in its center. The drum support roller holds the drum in place while it rotates on the support wheels. You may have a faulty or damaged roller if your dryer will not start or tumble, takes too long to dry clothes, or starts making loud noises. Customers have ranked this repair as easy and should take 15-30 minutes to complete. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Chris from Hopedale, MA Drum not centered , clothes getting stuck in dryer The first thing I did was to unplug the dryer from the wall. Then I removed the bottom two screws and slid the bottom cover off so i could see all the way to the back, I tipped the dryer back against the wall and searched for the problem with a flashlight. I noticed that one of the guide wheels that held the drum in place was sheared off. I took the new drum support roller out and carefully slid it over the shaft, I had to jiggle it around for a bit, but then it finally was seated correctly. I replaced the washer and then the clip using a pair of needle nose pliers and a regular screw driver and then turned the dryer by hand to see if the wheel came off. After confirming that it worked, I put the cover back on, and plugged it in and tested it. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.85 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Dryer Radiant Flame Sensor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741429 Manufacturer Part Number WP338906 If your gas dryer is not heating up or igniting, then replacing the flame sensor, located in the burner assembly, could solve it. This part senses heat from the igniter to monitor if it is hot enough to ignite gas to light the burner. Once the igniter is hot enough it will open the valve and allow gas to flow. This is a safety mechanism to prevent dangerous levels of gas from building up. To repair, the main top of the dryer should be lifted, as well as the front panel to access the component. This flame sensor assembly is made of both plastic and metal. Fixes these symptoms Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kirkwood, MO Gas Dryer would not ignite 1. Removed lint screen and holder frame. Unplugged the electrical cord and closed the gas valve in the line before it goes into the dryer. 2. Removed two bolts at bottom front of machine and took off the bottom front panel. 3. Removed three bolts from black plastic exit vent and took it out to give more room to access everything. 4. removed two wires and screws on the limit thermostat. Did the reverse to place the new one. 5. Removed wires (remembering placement), then holder screw. rotated the Gas Dryer Sensor counter clockwise to release the bottom tab so the sensor can be taken off the flame tube. Did the reverse to place the new one on. 6. Removed the one screw on the gas/flame tube that holds the bracket and igniter inside the flame tube. Removed the wires fro the igniter (remember placement) Slid the whole assembly toward the back of the machine to get the tube off the gas valve then rotated the whole assembly counter-clocwise to release the tab on the left side of the bracket. This was a little tight and had to work with it a bit to get the tab out and slide the whole piece out of the flame tube. 7. Once the tube and igniter were out i removed the scree that holds the igniter and replaced with the new one. Made sure no dust, etc. was in the piece. 8. Did the reverse to place the tube/igniter back into the flame tube. 9. Carefully and forcefully removed the wire connectors to the two coils. These were tough to get off. Removed the two screws that hold the bracket that holds the two coils in place. Slid the coils off the spindles remembering which one has the two wire connection and which one has the three wire connection and the way they went on. Replaced the old with the new. Placed the bracket onto the new coils and made sure the little bumps on the top are in the holes in the bracket. Tightened the screws to hold the coil bracket. Reattached the wire connectors to the coils making sure they go ALL the way back on. 10. Vaccumed everything I could to get lint, dust, etc. out. 11.Replaced the black vent plastic. 12 Made sure the exit vent on the back was not crimped or clogged. Checked the little flap door where the vent goes outside to make sure it opens and closes super easy to no air flow is restricted. 13. For testing I left the bottom panel open. Make sure you closed the door, reconnect the plug and turn the gas valve back on. Hit the go button on autodry or timed dry. The door must be closed to create the closed circulation of the system so the fan sucks the flame into the tube otherwise the flame will not fire deep into the tube and will set off one fo the overheat sensors. After hitting the go button your drum will start to rotate, then a few seconds later you'll hear a click and your igniter will start to burn bright orange. Another click and the gas should flow and ignite. 14. This shows that you've fixed the ignition problem. I just replaced everything I thought that could be wrong in stead of hunting and trial and error. All the parts were about $137 so I thought it was worth making sure. 15. IMPORTANT: If during your test the flame turns off after a little while then turns back on only to turn off again, don't panic. This happened to me as well. I found that you need to run the dryer with wet clothes in the dryer. The wetness in the clothes will keep the autodry sensor from shutting off the dryer since there will be moisture in the exhaust. If it's on timed dry the wet clothes will cool the exhaust air and keep the overheat sensors from turning the heat off. So no heating of dry clothes to get out wrinkles. Just dry the wet clothes. This is all I did and it's been working great so far. Good Luck! Read more... Your Price $27.87 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner Tablets – 6 Count PartSelect Number PS12345661 Manufacturer Part Number W10501250 This Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner deep cleans to help remove the odor-causing residues and grime that daily loads leave behind. The time-release tablets are EPA Safer Choice certified, septic-safe and designed to clean inside all machines, including HE (High Efficiency). Use monthly or every 30 cycles for a consistently clean machine. VIDEOS! Your Price $11.95 Special Order Add to cart Speed Queen Drum Glide ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 10 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741931 Manufacturer Part Number WP37001298 If your dryer is noisy, will not tumble, or is leaving marks on your clothes, you may need to replace the drum glide. The drum glide is installed on the front bulkhead either at the top or the bottom, regardless of the brand of dryer. To gain access to the drum glide, you will have to open the cabinet on the dryer. This drum glide is sold individually but it is important to note that they should be replaced in pairs. Before beginning this repair, it is important to disconnect the dryer from the power source. The tools required for this repair are a putty knife and a 5/16 nut driver. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions David from Underwood, IA Loud banging sound. Worn out roller. Pulled off the lower panel with 5/16 socket.Pulled off the door assembly by removing the two screws at the bottom of the door assembly. I pulled down a little and then out. be carefull of the wires. Other posts said to remove. The wires were long enough I did not have to remove them. I just leaned it against the wall. I then removed the 4 screws that hold the front piece in.pulled it off replaced brackets , installed self adhesive felt(stuck good) and then glides. Mine were thin but not the problem. I then reached under the drum and released the belt from the tensioner. I then pulled the whole drum out.This is the time to vacum out good. I could get to the rear rollers very easy. The left roller was shot and the shaft half wore into(the problem). I pulled off the two screws holding the roller support. Normally You have to remove the wheel with snap ring pliers first to remove the support. In this case snap ring long gone. Replaced support shaft, installed thrust washers and roller with grease for both sides. The right support shaft was still good. Removed tensioner pulley and inspected. It was just as good as the new one. Cleaned and greased and reinstalled. Put new belt on the tub and slid it back in. Be carefull to get the belt on the proper side of the tensioner. I then installed the front supprt in place to support the tub with the 4 screws. Spun the tub(felt good) then reached under and reinstalled belt to motor and tensioner. Spun again to check for belt alignment. (Check) Reinstalled door an lower panel. Test Quiet Sounds like new. Very easy! I hope this helps someone just as the other post has helped me. Blessings to all. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $33.95 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Dryer Idler Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 21 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741930 Manufacturer Part Number WP37001287 The spring for this part is sold separately. This idler assembly is for dryers. Idler assembly includes the idler arm and the idler pulley that maintains tension on the drive belt, allowing the belt to turn. Disconnect the power before installing this part. Wear work gloves to protect your hands. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Steven from Holderness, NH Squeeling and grinding noise Wasn't the belt!! Changed it anyway. Should have come here earlier. That mistake added several days to the repair waiting for a second batch of the right parts. Became a pro at taking the dryer apart and reassembling, though! Easy job, just take your time and mark your wires, if you need to. Followed other people's excellent instructions. Clean out all the dust bunnies. Schematics were a great resource. Those and the prices made me a repeat customer. The shaft of the Idler Lever wheel was the cause, but decided, since I had it apart, to spend a little more money and replace both Drum Support Rollers and the Roller Bracket and Shaft Assembly. They showed some wear, and the parts were very inexpensive. Make sure you have snap ring pliers with prongs that are smaller than the standard 0.40 to save some aggravation with the Drum Rollers. $5 tool. Total parts were less than $60. Probably saved $150+ in labor. Quieter than ever now. Thanks! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $19.95 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Idler Pulley Wheel W/ Bearing ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 22 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11757553 Manufacturer Part Number WPY54414 The idler pulley wheel helps the belt to rotate the drum in your dryer. If your dryer will not start, will not tumble, or is noisy during operation, the idler pulley wheel may need to be replaced. This part is located beneath the drum of the dryer, so the drum will need to be removed before you can access the idler pulley wheel. It is also recommended to remove the blower housing and motor from the dryer itself, for easier access to the idler pulley wheel. It is connected by a set of two 5/16 screws. This two-inch-wide idler pulley wheel is beige or black in color and is made of plastic. This pulley wheel comes with its own metallic bearing in its center. Be sure to shut off power to the dryer before beginning this repair. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy See more... Installation Instructions William from Round Mountain, NV Squeeling/Screeching First I read all of the other stories about this problem so I would have the correct parts. At $6 a roller, decided to get all 3 & a belt. Pulled the lower panel off (2 bolts), then the door (2 bolts). Marked the door switch wires. Took 2 bolts out of the top & tilted it back. I found this the easiest way to access the drum. Mark 2 wires before disconnecting them from the top. All bolts are 5/16". Removed the plastic piece that connects the lint trap to the blower (3 screws). Have to access these from inside the drum. Removed the belt, then the drum. The bad roller was the belt tension roller. Can't get to the snap ring from the front of the dryer for this roller. The 2 rollers in the back you can get to without removing the drum completely. Very easy to replace all rollers with the drum out. Also very easy to re-assemble. Buy or borrow a good set of snap ring pliers. Make sure you diagram the proper belt route if you don't have a picture. I printed a picture off this web site. Have someone hold the drum up so you can get the belt on, otherwise the entire repair is a 1 person job. Went back together in about 10 minutes. Total cost $40.00 parts & shipping. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $22.95 In Stock Add to cart Speed Queen Door Switch Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 20 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1964648 Manufacturer Part Number W10169313 This part replaces two terminal switches in a dryer and prevents the dryer from running when the door is open. This includes two connectors. If your dryer will not shut off, start, or does not tumble, replacing the door switch can solve this appliance problem. The tools needed for replacement are a screw driver and wire strippers. Make sure to attach the two wires to the right two poles of the new switch, to do this you can check the resistance of the switch. Unplug the dryer before installing this part, also refer to the diagram provided by the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Noisy Running With Door Open Won’t Start See more... Installation Instructions Don from Jacksonville, FL Switch sticking in on position FIRST unplug dryer from electrical source, CAUTION, the top of this dryer does not open with clips, do not pry on top to open! On the front of the dryer look under the lower panel, and find two screws, one on the left side, and one on the right, remove these screws, and pull slightly down on panel to remove. Behind this panel find two screws holding the door panel, one on the left, and one on the right, remove the left, and support the door panel while removing the right side. Gently pull the bottom of door panel outward, and the clips on top of door panel will unhinge from top, carefully rotate left side of door panel to floor, and note the wire connections on switch, and orientation of switch, then unplug wires, and move door panel to a comfortable working positon. Door must be open to remove switch, then depress the two plastic retaining keepers on each side of switch, and push switch through toward door. Replace with new switch, reconnect the wires, and reassymble in reverse order. Remember, door assymbly must be inserted in dryer top at an angle, and then bottom rotated downward, and bottom panel nylon guildes inserted into door panel bottom. Read more... Speed Queen Appliance Types Speed Queen Dishwasher Parts Speed Queen Dryer Parts Speed Queen Trash Compactor Parts Speed Queen Washer Parts Back to Top Popular Speed Queen Models Below are the most popular Speed Queen models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? AWN311SP111TW01 Speed Queen Washing Machine Model AWN311SP111TW01 Parts ALG866SAW Speed Queen Dryer Alg866saw AEM497W Residential, Automatic AGM499W Residential, Automatic ADG30RGS111TW01 DRYER ADG3LRGS111TW01 DRYER AGM699W Residential, Automatic NE4513 Residential SDG909WF DRYER AEM677W2 AEM677W2 HE5003 Residential HE6003 Residential LW3503W2 Speed Queen Washing Machine Lw3503w2 ADE30RGS171TW01 DRYER LES10AW Speed Queen Dryer Les10aw HG6009 Residential ADE3LRGS171TW01 DRYER SDGT09WF DRYER AE5413 Residential, Electric Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Tappan ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Tappan Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Tappan Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $32.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Oven Bake Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 514 Reviews PartSelect Number PS438018 Manufacturer Part Number 316075103 The Oven Bake Element is a black, metal part which supplies heat to the oven. This element is 19-1/2" wide x 18-1/2" long and has 3-1/2" inserts. It is rated as "Easy" to install by users, and attaches to the bottom of the oven. If you notice visible damage, or that your oven is not receiving heat properly then it may be a problem with this part. Check your model number and user manual to see if this is the right part for you. It is important for you to disconnect your appliance from the power source before performing this repair. After disconnecting your appliance, remove the two screws/nuts connecting the old element, pull it out, and discard if faulty. Simply connect the new element prongs where the old element fit, and screw it back in. You may need a flashlight when making this repair. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Little to no heat when broiling See more... Installation Instructions David from Shawnee, KS Oven woudn't heat 1. Removed two screws, pulled out the element, voltage tested the element and determined it was an open circuit (bad element). 2. Ordered the part from partselect.com 3. Disconnected element, connected the new one, and screwed it back in. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $40.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Lower Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 148 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12585623 Manufacturer Part Number 5304517203 The Lower Spray Arm is used in your dishwasher to spray water and clean your dishes. If broken there will be visible damage or your dishes may no longer be cleaned properly. If your spray arm is broken (due to general wear or high heat), it should be replaced. Your lower spray arm will be located at the bottom of your dishwasher tub. Check your user manual and model number to ensure this model is right for you. This version is plastic and metal and comes in gray/blue. We recommend you wear work gloves to keep your hands safe when installing and disconnect power to the appliance. You will also want to make sure that you turn off the water supply to your dishwasher. From here, you will want to open the dishwasher, pull out the lower rack and set it aside. Remove the lower wash arm. On each side of the bottom of the spray arm, there are small locking tabs that can be pushed aside using a flathead screwdriver. Once released, the spray arm can easily be pulled off the dishwasher. Put the new lower wash arm in place and push it down to lock it in. Ensure it is spinning freely and does not hit the heating element. Return the lower dish rack into place and then close the dishwasher door. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Leaking Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Donna from Madison, OH spray arm keeps melting I have had to keep replacing the spray arm on the bottom of my dishwasher which takes like 2 seconds to do.. First you open the dishwasher and than pull the bottom basked forward and reach down and pull the spray arm up and pop the bottom of the spray arm off and put it on the new spray arm and slip it back into the dishwasher over the thing that makes it spin around.. but the tricky part is and I didn't know this and this is why my dishwasher spray arm kept falling over and melting on the heating element.. you have to turn it till it clicks in.. and your done.. Read more... Your Price $14.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Chrome Drip Bowl - 6" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 109 Reviews PartSelect Number PS437596 Manufacturer Part Number 316048414 The drip bowl catches grease and spills that come from cooking on your stove top. They are located under the heating elements. Drip bowls are often neglected and can become rusted and cracked. If your drip bowl is damaged, it could allow grease, food, or other spills to drip inside your range. This could become a fire hazard. This 6 inch chrome drip bowl fits most electric ranges. Before you replace your damaged drip bowl, make sure the element is turned off and cool to the touch. To replace the drip bowl, remove the element, replace the current drip bowl, and reattach the element. This part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions John from Nisswa, MN Old pans/bowls were corroded Very easy---simply unplug the burners, remove the old pans and replace with the new ones I was extremely pleased with the easy ordering and prompt delivery of parts that actually fit as they should! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Dishwasher Bottom Door Gasket ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 208 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9495545 Manufacturer Part Number 809006501 This dishwasher door gasket (Bottom Gasket, Gasket, Door Seal, Dishwasher Door Lower Seal) helps prevent water from leaking out of the bottom edge of your dishwasher door by creating a watertight seal. This part is attached to the bottom of your dishwasher inner door panel. It is frequently exposed to water and detergent during its lifetime. The water and chemicals can eventually wear down the gasket and compromise the integrity of the seal. If the gasket is malfunctioning, the integrity of the door seal will be effected. You will notice leaking through the bottom of your dishwasher door. If your dishwasher is leaking water from the bottom of the door, first inspect the seal for food particles near the bottom and sides, and remove the buildup, as it can stop the door from closing properly and keeping a tight seal; if not, you may need to replace the bottom door gasket. Check the door gasket for tears, cuts, or wear. This part is sold individually and measures 22.5 inches by 1.25 inches. It is constructed of plastic, and comes in yellow/grey. Includes one lower door gasket. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Scott from Flowood, MS Bottom Door Seal fell apart and started leaking. First I opened the door all the way. Second I reached down to the bottom gasket then grabed it on the right end of the seal that is on the right side of the door. Then I pulled the end outward from the bottom of the door toward the heater coil in the bottom of the washer. It came out real easy. You see it just snaps into a little plastic groove under the door. I then cleaned up the area for food and soap particules. I then placed the new gasket in place by lining up the notch toward the right end with the piece of plastic that encloses the right end of the plastic notch on the bottom right end of the door. Then push it in untill it stops going into the notch. It snaps in but does not make a snaping sound. It just won't go in no more. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $31.96 Special Order Add to cart Tappan Dishwasher Tub Gasket - Gray ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 52 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8260227 Manufacturer Part Number 154827601 This grey OEM dishwasher tub gasket is a 73" grey rubber part that creates a seal around the dishwasher to prevent any water leakage during a cycle. If it's damaged or broken, you'll start seeing water leaking out. If broken, it should be replaced. Refer to your model number and user manual to ensure this part is right for you. When making this repair, open the dishwasher door and take out the lower dish tray for better access. Pull out the old gasket, and clean the channel with a rag. Push the new gasket into place into the notch on the door, which you should see upon close inspection, using a flat-head screwdriver for assistance if necessary. We do not recommend cutting any additional length off on the tub gasket if any is present during your repair. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Charles from Milton, FL dishwasher was leaking water I removed old tub gasket, which the door presses against to make a seal, and put the new one in. Flat tip screwdriver was used to gently press gasket in. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $42.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Infinite Burner Switch - Large Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 86 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1145040 Manufacturer Part Number 316436001 The infinite burner switch controls the stove top eight-inch surface burner, which is the large surface element. If your surface element is not warming up, the element can be tested to determine whether or not it is defective. If your element is not defective, then it is more than likely that the infinite burner switch is the issue. Before you install the infinite burner switch you will need to unplug your range from the power supply, or shut off the home circuit breaker. The tools you will need to do this repair include a number one square head screwdriver and a pair of needle nose pliers. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when broiling Oven is too hot See more... Installation Instructions William from Burke, VA Back Burner didn't function We moved into our townhouse about 6 yrs ago. During the home inspection we checked the range and saw the Red light come on when we turned on each burner. After moving in we realized the large back burner did not work. The light came on but the element never got hot. I of course replaced the element but that did not work. Several years passed and we just ignored the issue. We just got by with 3 burners. Lately we realized how much easier it would be to have all four burners working. Knowing that we will be selling our townhome soon we figured we should either fix the problem or replace the range. I didn't want to call a repair man because I didn't want to be charged a $150 to have him come out and they to pay extra for parts (and of course a 2nd visit). So I went to www.Partselect.com and typed in the model of my range. Found the diagrams for my range and saw that from the switch ran a pair of wires to a Universal Receptacle (aka Terminal Block Kit). I figured since the Red light turns on when I turn the switch on it has to be the Terminal Block. I ordered the part from www.Partselect.com ($14.00 including shipping) and replaced the part. The burner still would not get hot. I decided to test the switch. I removed the Control Panel cover (which is secure by 2 screws just below the digital clock). Once the cover was off, I saw the Blue wires going from the switch to the Terminal Block. To test the switch, I disconnected the two Blue Wires from connectors H1 and H2 and temporarily connected them to H1 and H2 of another switch. Sure enough, when I turned the other switch the element got hot. So I placed another order from www.Partselect.com for a replacement switch ($50 including shipping). When that part came, I flipped the electrical circuit going to the range. I then removed the Control Panel cover again. With the new switch in hand (holding it near the old switch still attached to the Control Panel, I used the pliers to pull out each wire from it's connector and place it to it's corresponding connector on the new switch. Once all the wires were connected to the new switch, I pulled the knob of the switch off then used a phillips screwdriver to remove the two screws holding the switch to the control panel. I replaced the old switch with the new one put the screws back in, replaced the knob. Turned the circuit back on and tested to make sure that the element got hot. When it did, then I replaced the Control Panel cover and enjoyed a nice dinner that was cooked in less time than we're accustomed to because of the new burner. So I spent a total of $64.00 to fix our range. Less than half the amount I would've spent if I called for a technican. And far less then buying a new range. Partselect is a great resource for information. They have diagrams and schematics available to view and/or download. And when ordering it's a snap because there's an "Add to Cart" button next to each part it lists. So there's no confusion. I've already recommended Partselect.com to about 5 people. And will continue to do so!! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Door Rack ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 90 Reviews PartSelect Number PS735091 Manufacturer Part Number 240535101 The Door Rack (also known as a retainer bar) is a 23" white plastic part used to hold small items inside the fridge door. If broken, it should be replaced. Refer to your user manual and model number to determine if this part is correct for you. This is a simple part to repair and should not require any tools. Most customers found it to be very easy to simply snap the old rack out of place and snap the new one back in, making sure the locking tabs are secure. This part is sold individually and not as a part of a kit. It is certified by the original manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Jane from Owosso, MI broken refrigerator door shelves snapped right on and removed screws, insert and replace screws. Read more... Your Price $18.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Drip Bowl - 8" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 107 Reviews PartSelect Number PS437595 Manufacturer Part Number 316048413 This chrome drip bowl is designed for use with electric cooktops and ranges. This drip bowl is sold individually. At the widest point this part has a diameter of approximately 10 inches. It sits beneath the surface burner element. It catches any drips or spills coming from the cookware on your burner. Because the cooktop is a high-traffic area of the kitchen, these bowls often get damaged, or get so dirty they can no longer be adequately cleaned. When replacing this part you need to remove the burner element. While you have it out we recommend inspecting the terminals and the element for any corrosion, arcing, or discoloration. Any of those things could be a sign of a bigger problem, and it indicates that the element and terminal block should be replaced. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions John from Nisswa, MN Old pans/bowls were corroded Very easy---simply unplug the burners, remove the old pans and replace with the new ones I was extremely pleased with the easy ordering and prompt delivery of parts that actually fit as they should! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $14.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Drum Belt ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 60 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1148434 Manufacturer Part Number 134503600 This drum belt, often referred to as a drive belt, is used in the assembly of dryers. It goes around the drum, the idler pulley, and the motor pulley. As the armature on the motor spins, this belt is what rotates the drum and tumbles your clothes during the dry cycle. If you can hear the motor running but the drum is not moving, that is a sign your belt is broken, stretched, or damaged, and can no longer grip the drum. This belt is 88 3/4 inches long, and is 1/4 inch wide. Because it is made of rubber it is common for this part to become brittle and need to be replaced. This is an authentic OEM replacement part, and it is sold individually. Remember to unplug your dryer before you begin this repair. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Cynthia from Lexington, SC Squealing noise We followed the instructions for the drum glide replacement and changed the belt and drum support bearing piece, cleaned it out too. Works like a charm. Thanks for saving us a bundle. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $44.95 In Stock Add to cart Tappan Rear Drum Bearing Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 114 Reviews PartSelect Number PS459829 Manufacturer Part Number 5303281153 This rear drum bearing kit is designed for use with dryers. It supports the rear of the drum in your appliance as it tumbles your clothes during the drying cycle. If your drum will not tumble, or if it is making a lot of noise, it could be an issue with this part. This is a ball-and-socket style bearing. You will need to replace this if the bushing has worn out, or if the ball support is damaged. This kit includes one bearing, one ball shaft, one ball bearing, one ball bearing retainer, a small tube of high temperature lubricant and installation screws. Unplug your dryer before you begin this repair. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions charles from new holland, OH Dryer squealed like a pig and at times the drum stopped rotating First thought the problem was a stretched drum belt or bad idler pulley. Ordered a new belt and idler assy plus spring. Replaced those items with relative ease following suggestions obtained at this site.However, problem persisted and I now suspected a bad drum bearing. Odered the bearing kit and replaced same using the following procedure. 1. Removed the cover from the back of the dryer (held in place via two phillip head screws) 2. Pushed down on the idler assy and removed the idler spring to release the drum belt. 3. Inserted flat tip screwdriver between the top panel and the dryer main body in the front of the dryer to pry the top loose from the two retaining clips. 4. used phillips screwdriver to remove the two retaining screws (one left, one right) that hold the front panel to the main body of the dryer. (about a foot down from the top of the dryer). 5. disconnected the wiring plug on the top right hand side at the top of the dryer. 6. lifted the front panel slightly removing it from the main body and placed it to the side. 7. lifted the rear of the drum to release it from the bearing bracket and removed the drum belt. 8. Pulled the drum through the front of the dryer body and moved it to an open work area. 9. Reached into the Dryer and loosened the two bearing bracket screws with a nut driver. Here's where another pair of hands would have come in handy. Holding the ground bar on the back of the drum with on hand, reached into the dryer and finished removing the bracket screws somehow managing not to drop the tiny grounding ball (size of a BB) Removed the badly damaged plastic bracket, grounding bar, and grounding ball and set them aside to be discarded later. 10. Used impact driver with phillips attachment to remove two of the three screws that hold the bearing to the back of the drum (these are on the inside) The third screw's head stripped out and I had a very difficult time removing it. Had it not been for that, the job would have taken less than an hour. 11. I had my wife hold the bearing in place while I started the three retaining screws. 12. My wife also got behing the dryer and held the grounding bar in place while I installed the new bearing bracket . (this kept me from loosing the grounding ball) I just reversed the rest of the procedures to install the drum belt, drum, front panel, etc. The dryer works like new now, doesn't squeal. Also replaced the on/off switch knob (just pulled the old one from the stem and slid the new one on. Read more... Tappan Appliance Types Tappan Oven Parts Tappan Stove Parts Tappan Cooktop Parts Tappan Dishwasher Parts Tappan Dryer Parts Tappan Freezer Parts Tappan Microwave Oven Combo Parts Tappan Microwave Parts Tappan Range Parts Tappan Refrigerator Parts Tappan Washer Dryer Combo Parts Tappan Washer Parts Tappan Fridge Parts Back to Top Popular Tappan Models Below are the most popular Tappan models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? TEF351EWB Free Standing, Electric TEF351EWC Free Standing, Electric TEF351EWF TEF351EWN ELECTRIC RANGE TEF351EWJ TEF351EWP ELECTRIC RANGE TEF351EWE TEF351EWD Free Standing, Electric TEF242BW2 Free Standing, Electric TEF361GSA Free Standing, Electric TEF351EWM ELECTRIC RANGE TEF326FBB Free Standing, Electric TGF317ESC Free Standing, Gas TEF326FBA Free Standing, Electric TRT15L2JW0 Top Freezer TDB210RFS5 TEF326FSD TEF326FSA Free Standing, Electric TEF326FBC TGF316GSC + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Tecumseh ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Tecumseh Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Tecumseh Parts Your Price $6.95 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Lawn Mower Paper Air Filter PartSelect Number PS8958721 Manufacturer Part Number 36905 Your Price $7.31 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Spark Plug PartSelect Number PS9277103 Manufacturer Part Number 35395 This is an OEM sourced replacement part used with a variety of lawn and garden equipment. A spark plug delivers electric current from an ignition system to an internal combustion engine. After time spark plugs will become dirty or fouled. It is a good idea to replace the spark plug once this happens. This item is sold individually. You should gap your spark plug according to the owners manual of the outdoor product you have. You would need a spark plug wrench or a socket wrench to install the spark plug. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Air Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS8956421 Manufacturer Part Number 35066 It is an authentic high quality OEM supplied replacement air filter that is used on Husqvarna and Yard Man lawn and garden equipment. Its purpose is to remove dust and debris from contaminating the carburetor. One durable pleated paper filter is included per order. Your Price $61.62 On Order Add to cart Tecumseh Carburetor PartSelect Number PS17016531 Manufacturer Part Number 50-659 This authentic replacement carburetor is supplied directly by the original equipment manufacturer for use with lawn and garden equipment. Its primary function is to mix air and fuel in the correct ratio before delivering it to the engine for combustion. If your engine won’t start despite having fresh fuel, or if it starts and then quickly stalls, a faulty carburetor may be the cause. Constructed with a durable metal body, this high-quality carburetor is sold individually and includes the intake gasket for a complete replacement. Ideal for restoring engine performance and reliability. Your Price $7.93 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Primer Bulb And Retainer Ring PartSelect Number PS9053864 Manufacturer Part Number 640259 This is a genuine OEM approved replacement part designed for use with Toro lawnmowers with Tecumseh engines. By pressing on the purge bulb, it will force fuel into the fuel line from the fuel tank into the carburetor. Once the carburetor is full of fuel, the excess fuel will be purged back into the tank in the fuel return line. At some time the primer will lose its elasticity or crack and need to be replaced. It is made out of rubber and it is sold individually. Your Price $58.55 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Starter Asm-rewind PartSelect Number PS9290213 Manufacturer Part Number 590739 Introducing the Tecumseh Small Engine Recoil Starter Kit. This kit is designed to smoothly start your lawn and garden equipment engines. The way it works is ingenious: as the starter rope is pulled, it causes the starter cogs to engage the drive cup situated on the flywheel, resulting in the engine kicking into life. This recoil starter is specifically designed to spin the crankshaft once the rope is pulled. To ensure the longevity of the product, always wear work gloves to protect your hands while installing. Tecumseh's focus on reliable, high-quality parts shines through in this Recoil Starter Assembly. Your Price $5.67 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Primer Bulb And Valve Repair K PartSelect Number PS9054068 Manufacturer Part Number 640351 This item has been OEM sourced to ensure of a high-level of quality. The primer bulb/valve kit is intended to be used with lawnmower engines from Tecumseh and Toro. This item attaches to the carburetor and is used to cycle fuel through the fuel system prior to cold starting the engine. The items within the kit are sold together and will include the bulb, seal, valve, and spring. Your Price $31.14 On Order Add to cart Tecumseh Engine Carburetor Repair Kit PartSelect Number PS9292601 Manufacturer Part Number 632760B Your Price $5.16 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Gasket PartSelect Number PS8938792 Manufacturer Part Number 26756 This item is available as an individual replacement part. The gasket attaches to the intake pipe and is made out of a thin material. During replacement, it may require a screwdriver to help install this part correctly. It will require replacing if it breaks. This genuine item is supplied by the original equipment manufacturer for use with lawn mowers, lawn tractors, and snowblowers made by Tecumseh, Toro, and Lawn Boy. Your Price $4.13 In Stock Add to cart Tecumseh Air Cleaner Gasket PartSelect Number PS8939009 Manufacturer Part Number 27272A Related Tecumseh Parts Tecumseh CompressorParts Tecumseh EngineParts Tecumseh Small Engine Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Weed Eater ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Weed Eater Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Weed Eater Parts Your Price $46.33 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Lawn Tractor Mandrel Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12087499 Manufacturer Part Number 587819701 Your Price $9.50 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Lawn Mower Flange Wheel Bearing ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9006914 Manufacturer Part Number 532009040 The OEM bearing, also known as the flange bearing, is silver, made of metal, and sold individually. It is used on riding mowers to secure the wheel in place and allow it to rotate freely on the shaft. Over time, the part may become worn and damaged, which you will notice if you experience a squealing or grinding sound from the wheel in question, or you notice the wheel is sloppy on the shaft. You will need a hammer and punch to complete this repair, which most of our customers rated as easy. Make sure you tap the new bearing into place evenly inside the tire rim. Installation Instructions robert from EUREKA, CA transaxle rotated forward on 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS. Both transaxle support struts broke causing the transaxle rotated forward and shear transaxle mounting bracket. The transaxle was not damaged. All 3 parts required replacement. There are some good youtube videos to watch to show how to complete the repair. HINT: I removed the mower deck and placed jack stands under the frame to support the rear end of the mower. I then supported the transaxle with a floor jack. This worked great for positioning/aligning the transaxle up to the frame after the new mounting bracket was installed. HINT: Due to the shearing of the transaxle mounting bracket, it was difficult to get a socket to seat correctly on the some of the nuts securing the transaxle to the mounting bracket. I highly recommend getting 4 new nuts because you will likely damage/strip the nut while removing it. HINT: The youtube videos all show removing the rear tires. The rear tires can be difficult to remove; and there are some interesting youtube videos on removing stuck rear tires. If you have a stuck rear tire, you can complete the repair with the tires on; it is just a bit more challenging to squeeze your hands behind the tire to reach the bolts. I was able to only get one tire off. HINT: If I wasn't able to do the repair with the rear tire on, my idea for getting the rear tire off was to fabricate a bracket that would work with a gear puller. The plan was to utilize the two symmetrical 1/4 inch-ish size holes in the rim to install 12" long bolts. I would then install a C-channel over the bolts, which would place the C-channel directly over the axle. I would then drill a hold in the C-channel for the gear puller bolt to go through. The shoulders of the gear puller bracket would then push against the c-channel. I was planning on using a few large fender washers on the back side of the rim to help prevent the rim from getting damaged when pulling the tire. You will be pulling the rim about 3 inches to get it off the axle. HINT: It look four hours to repair plus another half hour of watching youtube videos; probably would have taken two hours if I didn't spend two hours trying to take off one of the rear tires that was stuck. HINT: Since I was working under the mower, I also replaced the drive (motion) belt as preventative maintenance. Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Lawn Mower Ring Clip ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9143890 Manufacturer Part Number 812000029 The Ring Klip Number T5304-75, also known simply as a ring clip, is an OEM part designed to secure your mower wheel to its axle. This part is black, made of metal, and around an inch in length. It is sold individually and may become damaged over time due to wear and fatigue. Installation Instructions Anthony from OLIVEHILL, TN Wheel bushings were bad Removed old clip removed rim from tractor, removed grease fitting on rim, took hammer and screw driver knocked out old bushing turned rim over knocked out other bushing. Press in new bushings reinstalled grease fitting slide tire back on tractor, put retaining washers on then locking clip put on dust cover grease at grease fitting. Repeat other side. Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Engine Fuel Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9285148 Manufacturer Part Number 530095646 This Genuine OEM fuel filter is designed to maintain the performance and longevity of your equipment by preventing dirt and debris from entering the carburetor. Located inside the fuel tank, this essential component ensures clean fuel delivery, protecting the engine from potential damage caused by contaminants. Sold individually, the filter is built to meet original equipment standards for fit and function. Over time, the filter may become clogged, restricting fuel flow and making engine starts more difficult. For optimal performance, it should be replaced—not cleaned—at the first sign of blockage or wear. Fixes these symptoms Engine stops after a few seconds or minutes Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Mark from LYNDONVILLE, NY Deterioration of fuel line system Removed the top cover (T25 torx), and side cover (T25 torx) with recoil starter. Drained all fuel, and removed all pieces of fuel old fuel line and the weighted filter from inside the tank by shaking out and the (long forceps). A spot headlamp makes it easier to see inside the tank for much of the procedure. Remove the foam filter to find the two 8mm nuts and remove the air filter housing and carburetor (nut driver, 8mm socket) the choke lever slides out of its slot with some wiggling and moving the carb back off the mounting studs. Leave the throttle cable attached to the filter housing and move both assemblies out of the way to access the top wall of the fuel tank. There is a cover over the carb adjust screws that wiggles out also. The fuel line and purge line both pass through the wall of the tank and need to be pulled out with some effort (long curved forceps) from inside the tank through the fuel fill port. They are a tight fit. Pay attention to the lines size and location. Large line is in the position away from the recoil starter with the little plastic fitting hanging near the top of the tank. The smaller line is closest to the recoil starter. Both new lines will need to pass through the tank wall (this is the most difficult part). To facilitate the initial entry through the wall of the tank, cut a tapered end on your new lines. Use a very slippery lube to coat the end of the line and push it into the tank as far as you can from the top (forceps or soft grip pliers) help. Look inside the tank and pull the lines through fully out of the tank fill (long curved forceps and head spot light). Don't pull all the way through the fuel fill, just enough to install the new fuel line fitting in the return purge line and the new weighted filter on the fuel line and pull the lines back inside the tank. The return line with fitting close to the top of the tank and the filter hanging so it lays at the bottom of the tank, and able to swing around so it keeps contact with fuel at all times. Remove the old purge/primer bulb two screws (Phillips). The short stem is suction, long stem is pressure. Don't mix them up and connect lines backwards, don't ask me how I know! Lol! If you have such a saw like mine, that has no fuel lines intact, it is difficult to vision the line routes. There are helpful schematics on the internet. Just remember that the purge bulb long fuel stem sends pressure back to the tank through the return line (larger line in the tank with the line fitting away from the recoil). That line can now be cut to length and pushed on the bulb long stem. The suction side of the bulb short stem, connects to the purge line on the side of the carburetor (short line). You need to cut that line to the same length as the old one. It has to curve twice to get to the suction side of the purge bulb without kinking. The only other line left is the fuel line with the filter attached hanging inside the tank. Be sure you have the filter able to lay on the floor of the tank and move around. That line connects to the carburetor opposit side from the purge bulb. Dont cut that one until the carb is installed for proper length. The fuel routes from that filtered line into the carb, then out of the carb to the purge bulb suction side, then out to the return line in the tank with the fitting end. That fitting installed into the line serves only to keep the line from pulling back out of the tank, nothing attaches to it. Make sure all lines are clear of the mounting area of the carb, and throttle function. Pass the bulb lines through the slot in the side of the case being sure the lines don't kink. Secure the bulb with the two phillips screws. Position the carb on the studs and slide the choke lever into its place in the case as you go. Place the filter housing on the studs and push the carb and housing down watching the fuel lines for any kinks, especially where the throttle cable is in close proximity to the short carb purge line. Check the throttle function for interferance, and Install the two 8mm nuts. Now route the fuel line around the throttle mechanism out of the way, hold it to the barb on the side of the carb and cut it to length and install. Put some fuel mix in the tank (dont fill it) to test. Press the primer bulb, tilting the saw with fill cap removed, and see if anything leaks, also watch fuel flow back to the tank inside as you press the bulb. You should see fuel and air bubbles from the purge line. When all air bubbles are gone the system is purged. Install the new foam filter in the housing and then the top and side cases. I did not reinstall the cover of the carb adjust needle screws so I could adjust the fuel/ air mixture to run at peak performance. Hope this helps! The kit that I got was perfect and there are some useful instructions included. Thank you! Respectfully Mark Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Cap Axle Black 1 50 X 00 ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9007667 Manufacturer Part Number 532104757 This genuine black cap axle, also sometimes known as the dust cap, is around 2 inches in diamater and sold individually. Comprised of plastic, it is designed to keep debris out of the hub and axle of your lawn mower or garden tractor. Over time, your dust cap may become damaged or lost due to wear and tear. If this happens, dirt and debris can freely enter the axle and hub, causing damage. This is an easy repair to make and does not require any tools. Just look for the cap axle on the rim of the wheel to make your repair. Installation Instructions Anthony from OLIVEHILL, TN Wheel bushings were bad Removed old clip removed rim from tractor, removed grease fitting on rim, took hammer and screw driver knocked out old bushing turned rim over knocked out other bushing. Press in new bushings reinstalled grease fitting slide tire back on tractor, put retaining washers on then locking clip put on dust cover grease at grease fitting. Repeat other side. Read more... Your Price $5.29 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Lawn Mower Mandrel Spacer Washer PartSelect Number PS9286886 Manufacturer Part Number 532187690 An OEM part sourced directly from the manufacturer, this part is sold individually. Washers help to spread the load, and prevent damage to the surface being fixed, or provide some sort of insulation such as electrical. Washers can also be important for preventing galvanic corrosion. This specific washer is commonly used with outdoor lawn equipment, and is compatible with the mowers and tractors that are listed below. Your Price $9.01 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Bolt And Washer Assembly PartSelect Number PS9020856 Manufacturer Part Number 532193003 This manufacturer-approved bolt and washer assembly is for lawn tractors. Wear work gloves to protect your hands when installing this part. Your Price $16.74 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Lawn Mower High Lift Blade ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9286056 Manufacturer Part Number 532138971 This replacement blade is supplied directly from the original equipment manufacturer for use with Craftsman riding lawn mowers and garden tractors. It is secured under the deck to cut the grass, over time the blade may become dull or damaged causing irregular cutting patterns. Inspect your blades periodically and replace them as needed to maintain a clean cut lawn. It is a high-quality component which is made of durable steel and it is sold individually. Installation Instructions Trace from LISLE, IL Needed to replace the bent blades on my riding mower. - Made the mower safe to work on the blades (remove spark plug wires, etc.) - Raised the mower to get access to the blades, wedged a wood block against the blade. - Used impact driver with socket to remove bolt holding blade. - Removed blade, replaced with new, replaced bolt and tightened with impact driver, ..... and you know the rest. Read more... Your Price $4.13 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Lawn Mower Washer ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9008998 Manufacturer Part Number 532121749 This OEM washer, also known as a flat washer, has dimensions of 25/32 x 1-1/4. Silver in color and metal, the washer is sold individually. Although this part can have a range of applications depending on the equipment, its general function is to spread the load under a bolt. Ensure you consult your owners manual or check your model number to confirm this is the washer you need for your equipment. This part will need to be replaced when your existing one is worn or damaged. It is an easy repair according to our customers, and does not require any special tools. Installation Instructions Frederick from BINGHAMTON, NY Front wheels, too much end play Shimmed the wheels out on axle.. No more slop. Read more... Your Price $11.59 In Stock Add to cart Weed Eater Mandrel Pulley Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9015257 Manufacturer Part Number 532195945 This authentic manufacturer-sourced mandrel pulley is designed for use with Craftsman lawn mowers. It serves as a direct replacement for a missing or damaged pulley originally installed on the unit, helping to maintain proper blade and deck operation. Constructed from durable metal for long-lasting performance, this high-quality part is sold individually. Please refer to your model’s parts diagram to ensure correct placement and compatibility. Note that the hardware required to secure the pulley is sold separately. Related Weed Eater Parts Weed Eater ChainsawParts Weed Eater Edger Parts Weed Eater Hedge Trimmer Parts Weed Eater Lawn Mower Parts Weed Eater Lawn Tractor AccessoriesParts Weed Eater Lawn Tractor Parts Weed Eater Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Weed Eater Tiller Parts Weed Eater TrimmerParts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: White Mountain ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty White Mountain Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type White Mountain Appliance Types White Mountain Ice Cream Maker Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Product: Two Million ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Appliance Parts Dishwasher Dryer See more... Lawn Equipment Parts Lawn Mower Chainsaw See more... Shop With Confidence Two Million Parts PartSelect.com is the leading online appliance parts retailer. We offer more than two million parts to repair your household appliances quickly and easily. We carry appliance parts for all major household brands including Maytag, Frigidaire, Whirlpool, Kenmore and GE. Whether you’re looking to fix your dishwasher or dryer, you will find everything you need at PartSelect.com. Start your search today by entering your model number into the search box. You can browse the parts list specific to your model and find exactly what you’re looking for. Make PartSelect.com your first choice when looking for appliance parts. Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Parts For More brands Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next