

=== Brand: Oven ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Oven Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Popular Oven Parts Your Price $15.91 In Stock Add to cart Oven Grease Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS12722303 Manufacturer Part Number WB02X32793 This is a grease filter compatible with various microwaves. Grease filters are used to collect food grease and prevent buildups on the internal components of the microwave, such as the fans and other electronics. This grease filter is made of mesh and measures 7.5 inches long by 5 inches wide. If your current microwave grease filter is clogged with grease and not able to be easily cleaned, it should be replaced. This filter can be replaced easily by pulling on its D-clasp and pushing the new filter into place. Depending on how many filters your microwave uses, you may want to consider how many you need before ordering. This filter is an OEM part and is sold individually. Installation Instructions Richard from SAN ANTONIO, TX lamp out unscrew small nut from glass plate underneath micro used a small Phillips screw driver and inserted new lamp into socket and Inserted glass plate and secured with small nut w/ screws drivet Read more... Your Price $41.95 In Stock Add to cart Oven Flat Style Igniter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 67 Reviews PartSelect Number PS470129 Manufacturer Part Number 5303935066 This is a flat style oven igniter used to light the oven burner in a gas range. When the element in this igniter glows white hot, the gas is released from the safety valves, which lights the oven burner. If your range is not heating properly, or not heating at all, it might indicate a problem with this part. If the element in the igniter is only glowing red or orange, or not glowing at all, it will need to be replaced. This is a shorter style igniter. It is 3.72 inches in length, and it features an 18-inch wire lead. This kit includes the igniter, an instruction sheet, a mounting bracket, and the two ceramic wire nuts needed for installation. This part has an amperage range of 3.2 to 3.6. Unplug your appliance before you start any repair work. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Gas igniter glows, but will not light Gas smell See more... Installation Instructions John from Darlington, SC Oven quit heating. After reading up on the problem of the gas oven not lighting I decided I needed to install a new igniter. I had read where some people just pulled a panel off the back and installed a new one.. yeah, no such luck with this model so I had to crawl into the broiler drawer space [which I had to clean out first]. Note, if you wear trifocal glasses you might as well close your eyes and replace it by feel because there is no way to tilt your head back enough to see what you are doing and still get both arms and your chest in a broiler. Also be sure to remove all cats and dogs from the area before starting. They seem to think they can help or it's a game of hide and seek and they want to hide with you.. they were no help at all. Other than that, it was quite easy. Read more... Your Price $44.95 In Stock Add to cart Oven Bake Element - 240v ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 140 Reviews PartSelect Number PS249424 Manufacturer Part Number WB44X200 This is a 240 volt bake element for your oven or range. The kit comes with two installation screws and the element. The element functions by supplying heat from the bottom of the oven to bake or cook your food. You may need to replace the bake element if your oven is not heating properly. This is a black metal part (Width 13 inches, length 16.5 inches, depth 1-1/2 inches ) which can be installed onto your range with a screwdriver. Installation is rated as "medium" difficulty. This element is the part that heats to allow cooking, and if broken or missing you'll be unable to cook. This part attaches to the lower section of the range. Refer to your model number and user manual to ensure this part is right for you. Each screw gets screwed into each wire terminal with a Phillips screw driver. Hold the wires forward to make sure the wires do not fall back through the rear of the oven. Unplug your appliance or shut off your circuit breaker to the appliance before installing the new part. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Little to no heat when broiling See more... Installation Instructions Beth from Matthews, NC Replacment of the bake unit The hardest part was removing the old nuthead screws off the old bake burner. Once those were off installing the new bake element was simple. One screw in each wire terminal, two hex head screws to hold the unit in place. Works like a charm! Read more... Your Price $59.95 In Stock Add to cart Oven Bake Element 2600w 240v ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 109 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11740695 Manufacturer Part Number WP308180 The bake element in your oven is the part that provides heat when cooking. If your oven is too hot, or not hot enough, or does not heat evenly, you may need to replace the bake element. This part is 2600 Watts and 240 Volts. It is a closed hinged style bake element which is 15-3/4 inches long and 16-5/8 inches wide. The terminal depth is three inches and they are 1-3/4 inches apart. This part is made of metal and is black in color. Be sure to disconnect power to the oven before completing this repair. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Oven is too hot See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $28.95 In Stock Add to cart Oven Temperature Sensor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 56 Reviews PartSelect Number PS10059162 Manufacturer Part Number WB21X22134 The temperature sensor, also known as the oven temperature sensor assembly is usually found in the back of the oven. The function of the oven temperature sensor assembly is to measure the temperature inside your oven while it is on and send the temperature back up to the electronic control, which adjusts as necessary. If your oven is having difficulty achieving warmer temperatures and/or keeping warmer temperatures up, you may want to test your temperature sensor. Before you make this repair remember to unplug your range from the power source, and turn off the gas shut off valve. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Little to no heat when broiling See more... Installation Instructions Peter from stamford, CT Oven would go in to a F2 Error Removed six 1/4" hex nuts on rear of oven. Then through front/inside removed a single 1/4" hex nut to actually remove sensor. Unplug sensor connector, remove. Reversed steps, push oven back in place and plugged in. Tested oven function. Read more... Your Price $20.41 In Stock Add to cart Oven Charcoal Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16216937 Manufacturer Part Number WB02X35687 This charcoal filter is a genuine OEM replacement part that is compatible with various models of microwave. It has a length of approximately 8 inches by 5 inches. The filter is designed to absorb odors, grease, and smoke generated during cooking and vent them outside or recirculate clean air back into the kitchen. The charcoal filter consists of activated charcoal, which is highly effective at trapping airborne particles. If there is a persistent odor in the kitchen even after cleaning the microwave and surrounding area, it may indicate that the charcoal filter is saturated and no longer effective. Additionally, if there is visible damage to the filter, such as cracks or holes, the filter should be replaced. It is recommended to replace the filter every 6 months. Your Price $54.34 In Stock Add to cart Oven Latch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17217010 Manufacturer Part Number W11700916 This washer lid lock assembly is designed for top-load washing machines and ensures the lid remains securely closed during wash and spin cycles. It replaces worn or malfunctioning latches, helping prevent the machine from starting or pausing when the lid isn’t properly shut. The assembly includes the solenoid mechanism that engages the lock, contributing to safe and efficient operation. Compatible with a wide range of models, it’s an ideal solution for restoring reliable performance to your appliance. Fixes these symptoms Lid or door won’t close Locking Issues Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions David from MOUNT CALM, TX The lid was closed to hard causing the door strike, lid lock bezel and assembly to break. Changing the door strike was simple just a quarter turn and it pops off. Changing the assembly, remove the screws from the back side at the top, move to facing the front of the machine pull the top toward you about a half inch and it will open. From the back unplug the correct wire, remove assembly and then install in reverse. Good luck. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $41.83 In Stock Add to cart Oven Long Sensor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 38 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1570174 Manufacturer Part Number 12001656 This long oven sensor is also commonly known as a temperature sensor. It is designed for use with ovens and ranges. It is similar to a thermostat; it measures and regulates the internal temperature of your oven cavity. There is an adapter at one end, a probe at the other, and they are connected by an insulated wire. The probe is approximately 7 inches long. You can test the sensor with a multi-meter for functionality. You need to check the model-specific manual to determine what the proper resistance is for your specific appliance. This oven sensor comes with two wire harness adapters and a set of instructions. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open after self cleaning cycle Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking See more... Installation Instructions David from Westford, MA Oven not holding 350 F, when cooling the coils did not reheat Removed the oven door by opening slightly, then pic door up to remove. Remove 2 screws holding oven sensor in place, gently pull on sensor to remove, had to remove about 8 inches to get at plastic connector. Unplug connector, had to use an adapter cable supplied with the PartSelect kit to install new sensor, push cable back into opening, reinstall 2 screws. The oven works fine! Note that due to thermal lag the temperature overshoots to 370 degrees and undershoots to 340 degrees, this appears to be normal oven operation. Putting door back in place was easy. Read more... Your Price $96.95 In Stock Add to cart Oven Range Inner Door Glass ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 92 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11742543 Manufacturer Part Number WP4449259 This inner door glass is a heat resistant part that fits into a stove, oven, wall oven, cooktop, or range as the inner glass panel of the appliance door. The glass panel allows you to see the items being cooked or heated in the appliance. Handle with caution and be sure to use gloves, as the door is heavy and the glass is breakable. Do not replace the glass until the appliance is cool to the touch. This genuine manufacturer part is approximately 20 inches by 10 inches. The inner glass door is sold individually and contains the glass panel only. Installation Instructions Robert from Wildwood, MO Broke the glass panel inside the oven door -- dropped a baking dish on the glass! Easily removed the door from the oven by releasing clips attached to the door hinge -- very nicely engineered. Removed about 6 philips head screws to allow the door assembly to be taken apart for access to the glass. Lifted out the broken glass, cleaned the inside of the door, installed the new glass, reassembled the door (a two minute project), and reattached the door to the oven. Cleaning the inside of the door took longer than the actual repair! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $60.09 In Stock Add to cart Oven Bake Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 64 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750369 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10207397 The bake element is located at the bottom of the oven and gives off heat in order to bake evenly. If you notice that the element is not heating up or is not cooking evenly, it could be because it is broken or burnt out. All you need for this simple repair is a small screwdriver. To complete this repair, you will need to first turn the oven off (or shut off the house circuit breaker), remove the two screws that are holding the old element in place, remove the two wires from the old part, and then connect them to the new part and screw back into place. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Oven not heating evenly See more... Installation Instructions Daniel from Cheraw, SC I broke the Bake Element while cleaning the oven. I removed the two screws that held the bake element in place. Next I removed the Bake Element. I had to unscrew the oven to go behind it because when one piece off of the element broke, it slide back behind the oven. I pushed the wire back thru the piece holes, connected the Element, and pushed the element with the wires back through the holes. I rescrewed the element in place and the oven. PartSelect helped me to save this year's Christmas. Read more... Oven Brands Admiral Oven Parts Amana Oven Parts Beko Oven Parts Blomberg Oven Parts Bosch Oven Parts Caloric Oven Parts Crosley Oven Parts Dacor Oven Parts Dynasty Oven Parts Electrolux Oven Parts Estate Oven Parts Frigidaire Oven Parts GE Oven Parts Gibson Oven Parts Glenwood Oven Parts Haier Oven Parts Hardwick Oven Parts Hoover Oven Parts Hotpoint Oven Parts Inglis Oven Parts Jenn-Air Oven Parts Kelvinator Oven Parts Kenmore Oven Parts KitchenAid Oven Parts LG Oven Parts Litton Oven Parts Magic Chef Oven Parts Maytag Oven Parts Midea Oven Parts Norge Oven Parts RCA Oven Parts Roper Oven Parts Samsung Oven Parts SMEG Oven Parts Tappan Oven Parts Thermador Oven Parts Uni Oven Parts Whirlpool Oven Parts White-Westinghouse Oven Parts Back to Top Popular Oven Models Below are the most popular Oven models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? NE59J7630SS Evn,5.9,120~240v 60hz,real Stainless PLEB30T9FCC Built-in, Electric PLEB30T8CCB Built-in, Electric KEBC208KSS02 KEBC107KSS03 WW30430P Built-in, Electric, Wall MEW6530DDS Built-in, Electric JS750SF1SS KEBC208KSS0 CWE5800ACB Built-in, Electric NE59J7850WS E-Oven,5.9,real Stainless NE59J7850WS E-Oven,5.9,real Stainless KEBS107SSS04 JS630SF1SS NE58H9970WS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Induction Chef Collection Range Flex Duo Oven NE58H9970WS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Induction Chef Collection Range Flex Duo Oven NE58H9970WS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Induction Chef Collection Range Flex Duo Oven KEBS207BSS00 KEBS207SSS04 KEBS209BSS00 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Washer Dryer Combo ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Washer Dryer Combo Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Shop By Part Type Popular Washer Dryer Combo Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $20.95 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Drum Support Roller Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 200 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1570070 Manufacturer Part Number 12001541 The drum support roller (Dryer Drum Support Roller, Drum Roller and Washer Assembly) holds the drum in the proper position while it spins on the support wheels. This part rotates on the roller shaft which is attached to the rear bulkhead. This part should be replaced whenever it does not rotate easily on the roller shaft. If you’re noticing a thump, scrape, or squeal while your drum is spinning, it may be your drum support rollers. Take a look at your existing drum rollers; if one or both of them are worn or broken, you’ll need to replace them. The drum support roller is subject to constant wearing when your dryer is in use, which causes them to break down over time. This part features 1 roller and 2 small washers, and measures approximately 3 inches in diameter. It is constructed with a combination of plastic, metal and rubber. This model comes in black/beige. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions gerry from west covina,, CA noisy rollers, broken latch first, I unplug the power supply of the dryer then I removed the two screws at the bottom of the dryer then pulled out the front part of the dryer,unplugged the blue & yellow wire for the on/off switch for the door,at the back of the dryer I unscrew the pannel for the belt,disconect the belt,and I unscrew the four screws on both side of the front pannel to remove the front cover of the drum. Once I removed the front cover of the drum I can now remove the drum itself to access the drum support roller. I unscrew the rollers then replace it with the new once. It was an easy job. Thank you. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $18.83 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Dryer Drum Support Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752609 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10314173 This drum support roller is sold individually. Most dryers require two. The tri-rings are included. This is a drum support roller for a dryer. It is a genuine replacement part. This part is sold separately. Most dryers require two drum rollers. It is recommended to check and replace both drum support rollers at the same time to ensure proper drum rotation and because they often wear at the same rate. The drum support roller holds the drum in the proper position while it spins on the support wheels. If rollers are worn out, they will cause the dryer to be noisy. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Jeff from Phoenix, AZ noisy and slow drum speed 1. disconnect power,gas and vent lines 2. pop off top of unit 3. remove front of dryer 4. lay unit on its back 5. remove drum and replace pulley assembly,belt,drum rollers of which it has 2 rear and 2 front 6. reverse above and then remove filter-vent housing and scrape off old seal install new seal 7. re-connect power,gas and vent use again 8. only sad part to whole job was seeing how cheaply whirlpool now makes thier products Read more... Your Price $34.95 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Dryer Lint Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 176 Reviews PartSelect Number PS3531962 Manufacturer Part Number ADQ56656401 The Dryer's Lint Filter is used to collect lint during the dryer cycle as it passes through the dryer vent, in order to prevent damage to the machine. This manufacturer-approved part comes in gray, measures around 12 inches wide by 11 inches high, and is easy to install. It slides into the lint filter slot in your dryer. If there is visible damage to the screen then it's time to replace the part. We recommend that you thoroughly clean the lint filter before every load, but even with good maintenance, this hard-working part is often damaged or worn over time. If your dryer isn't drying quickly, the filter may be responsible. The manufacturer has made an authorized substitution to the lint filter. Special details: When replacing lint screen ADQ56656401 you may need to also replace lint screen housing MCK49049101 and lint screen guide MEA49050001 to prevent items from catching on the lint screen, depending on your model. Fixes these symptoms Clothes Still Wrinkled Door won’t close Marks left on clothes See more... Installation Instructions David from Annapolis, MD Filter parts chipped - replaced Removed existing parts using screwdriver, positioned new parts in dryer and re-inserted screws, tightened - done. Piece of cake, even for someone who cannot saw a straight line with a chop saw. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $6.44 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Agitator Directional Cogs ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 397 Reviews PartSelect Number PS388034 Manufacturer Part Number 80040 This kit is used for replacing the agitator directional cogs (Agitator Dogs, Agitator Repair Kit, Washer Agitator Dogs, Agitator Dog Ears). The agitator is what creates the thrusting motion in your washer to tumble your clothes during the washer cycle. Your agitator will rotate one way, and not the other. The agitator dogs are what prevent the agitator from rotating in both directions, while allowing it to rotate in one direction. Your agitator cogs may be malfunctioning if you can manually rotate the agitator in both directions. If broken they will need to be replaced. Cogs can be found by simply removing the softener dispenser and then removing the agitator cap. The are attached to the agitator. This replacement part features 4 agitator directional cogs. There are 4 cogs per package that are made up of high-quality plastic. This part comes in white/beige. Fixes these symptoms Does not dispense fabric softener or detergent Marks left on clothes Noisy and Marks Left on Clothes See more... Installation Instructions mike from Kent, WA washer wouldn't agitate First pry off the cap of the agitator. Then using a socket remove the bolt that holds the plastic cup in place. Remove this cup by prying it loose from the two tabs that hold it in place. Once this cup is removed you can get to the broken cogs. Slip the new cogs into the underside of the cup, and slide the cup back down in the agitator housing using the slots on the side for a guide. (You may want to remove the entire agitator and assemble everything upside down, then flip it all back over to mount, so the cogs don't fall out). Tighten the bolt, snap the cap back in place on top of the agitator and your'e done. Easy repair. Read more... Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Latch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11766033 Manufacturer Part Number 5304505088 This is a door latch, also known as a door strike, for some models of washing machine. This part secures to the door of the washer and secures the door when it is shut, to ensure the inside drum of the washer does not leak. If your washer does not start properly and/or shut all the way, this latch is likely causing the issues you are experiencing and needs to be replaced. This latch is made of a brushed metal material and features two holes to secure it with screws. To replace this latch, simply unthread the screws of the old latch to remove it, and secure the new latch with the existing screws. This latch is not sold with any other parts or accessories, so any securing screws are sold separately. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t close Lid or door won’t close Locking Issues See more... Installation Instructions Kim from LAFAYETTE, CA latch broke, door wouldn't shut, washer wouldn't run - no fun I googled the problem, read the recommendation found the part and read that it was an easy fix. Took the broken part off the door and noticed the broke off piece was in the latch on the machine. Ordered the two parts, paid the $30 2-day delivery. Parts arrived and the machine was up and runnning in under 5 minutes Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $24.04 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Multi Rib Belt ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 57 Reviews PartSelect Number PS382430 Manufacturer Part Number 661570 The Drive Belt is a 93 1/2" belt which wraps around the dryer drum to allow tension and movement. If broken the dryer will not turn properly, or there may be loud noises. The part is rated as "medium" difficulty to install. Refer to your model number and user manual to ensure this part is correct for you. To complete this repair you will need a Phillips screwdriver, 1/4 inch nut driver, a putty knife, and a pair of needle nose pliers. Ensure you disconnect your power to the dryer before beginning this repair, which should take between 30 and 60 minutes maximum to complete. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy Won’t Start See more... Installation Instructions Lucas from Nuevo, CA Need it a new pulley and belt I did the repair all by my self and just payed for the parts. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $9.92 On Order Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Roller Shaft ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11743031 Manufacturer Part Number WP6-3129480 This roller shaft is also known as a support roller shaft or a drum roller axle, and is a part for your dryer. The function of this piece is to act as the axle for the drum roller; it provides a place for the roller to spin. The tools required for this repair are a stubby Phillips screwdriver, a 5/16 nut driver, a pair of snap ring pliers, and a 9/16 wrench. The first step before replacing this part should be to disconnect your dryer from the power source. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions gerald from park city, MT dryer squeeking removed front panel,lifted top, removed drum and drive belt,remove old rollers and acc and instlled new and reinstalled dryer parts. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $25.09 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Tumbler And Motor Belt ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 160 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11757542 Manufacturer Part Number WPY312959 The tumbler and motor belt in your dryer allows the drum to spin during the drying cycle. At 100 inches in length, this dryer drum belt is 3/8 of an inch wide and has five ridges. The belt is black in color and it is made entirely of rubber. If your dryer will not tumble, is noisy during operation, or will not start you may need to replace the belt. To complete this repair, you will need to remove the front panel as well as the drum. You will need a 5/16 nut driver and a stubby Phillips screwdriver to complete the repair. Be sure to disconnect power to the dryer before you begin this repair. During the repair, make sure the belt doesn't fall into the groove in the drum, which will cause it to be too loose. You should be able to access the belt and replace it by removing the front panel and bulkhead. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Raymond from West Bend, WI electric dryer was rumbling - wheel or belt? Unplugged dryer. Front came off easily. Removed front of blower. Wheel came off fairly easily - could then see that shaft of motor was circular with flattened side but inside of old wheel was rounded. New wheel popped right on. Took tumbler off so I could clean lint out more easily and get a good view of how the belt threaded through. Put the tumbler back on and reached back with both hands to thread it. Took a half dozen tries until I was sure it was seated correctly and not twisted. Put front... of dryer back on. So far (a week or so) the rumble is gone. Seems blower wheel was the cause of the rumble. Belt didn't seem worn but replaced anyhow. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $15.95 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Dryer Bearing Slide (2 Pack) ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 9 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137207 Manufacturer Part Number WE03X37319 This drum glide bearing is an authentic OEM replacement part that is compatible with dryers. It is white in color and made of highly durable plastic. The bearing allows the drum to rotate smoothly and dry your clothes thoroughly and evenly. It keeps the drum stable and protects it from excessive friction damage. Over time, the bearing may wear down or break due to normal aging or wear from repeated use. If the bearing is no longer able to support the drum, you will likely notice unusually loud grinding or squeaking noises from the dryer. You may also notice increased drying times due to poor drum rotation. Inspect all the bearings on your dryer, as they tend to wear down at the same time. Each drum glide bearing is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions mike from SUMMERVILLE, SC Dryer was making increasingly loud "thumping" sound. Parts were shipped quickly, packaged correctly, and were in original GM packages - very reassuring. BTW, your customer service is excellent. Reviewed YouTube videos. Patience is required, take your time, take photos of the wires and also make a written wiring chart. This was the flaw in my planning. Reference the schematics from PartsSelect to number the controls. Do NOT use masking tape to identify the wires as they will have all stuck together by the time you go to reinstall them. Most difficult process was removing and identifying the numerous wires to the back panel. They have push connectors, but some were very difficult to remove. The people doing the "how to" videos no doubt had them partially released and that made it look easy. Examine the connectors before removing to identify how they are captured by the connector. A paper clip "tool" I made enabled me to release some of the capture lugs, but some were so tight, I had to use small needle-nose pliers to open up the lug to release the wire on the connector. When reinstalling, re-tighten those connectors. Replacing the parts was much easier than the wiring disconnect/reconnect process. I'm happy to report that replacing the rear bearing and the front 2 green and 2 white shim/bearings immediately and completely solved my problem. For about $150, I restored my dryer to "like-new" functionality and got a lot of satisfaction from doing it. The project took about 4 hours, which could have been reduced to 2 hours had I know about the clip release and wiring identification process. Also, make sure you thoroughly vacuum out your unit while it is disassembled. Good luck!!! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $13.58 In Stock Add to cart Washer Dryer Combo Front Glide Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 43 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1804752 Manufacturer Part Number 306508 The front glide is located at the front of the dryer, the drum rides along it. If you hear a metal-on-metal noise when your dryer is running, your front glide may be worn out and require replacing. This front glide kit comes with a blue plastic glide, a brown cork pad, and two metallic rivets. Two kits are required per appliance. While you have the front bulkhead removed for this repair, you may want to inspect the felt that lines it. If the felt is damaged, it is recommended that you replace it at the same time. You will need a rivet tool for this installation, as well as a stubby Phillips screwdriver, a 5/16 nut driver, and a drill with a 1/8-inch bit. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions John from Charlottesville, VA Belt broke on old machine. 1. Removed front of machine (2 screws at the bottom). 2. Removed 4 screws from inside the dryer, to take off the blower housing. 3. Removed 4 screws and took out the large metal piece which supports the drum at the front. Removed the drum. 4. Replaced the two rollers that support the drum in the rear. Cleaned the pins they run on, and oiled very lightly. Also replaced the idler roller. I was surpirsed to see that these rollers use plain bearings, not ball bearings. 5. On the front support piece, drilled out the rivets for the glides, and replaced the worn out glides with new parts. Applied a little glue (3M weatherstrip adhesive) to the cork pieces, to glue them to the metal. Attached the plastic pieces over the cork pieces, and riveted in place using rivets that came with the glide kits. 6. Replaced front and rear felt seals. This was not as tricky as I expected it to be. They were held in by metal tabs. Glued the ends where they came together. 7. Replaced the felt blower seal. Glued to the blower housing. 8. Reinstalled the drum, installed new belt, which came with good instructions (luckily). 9. Reassembled front support piece and the front of the cabinet. I also cleaned the lint from the cabinet and from the vent hose. In general, the job went without a hitch, and the machine probably has quite a few years left, despite the fact that it's 18 years old. This gives me a good feeling. I'd say this would be challenging, though, for someone who is not pretty experienced with machinery repair. Also, the cost of the parts was significant enough that it would not have been unreasonable to have opted for a new machine. Read more... Washer Dryer Combo Brands Amana Washer Dryer Combo Parts Electrolux Washer Dryer Combo Parts Frigidaire Washer Dryer Combo Parts General Electric Washer Dryer Combo Parts Haier Washer Dryer Combo Parts Jenn-Air Washer Dryer Combo Parts Kelvinator Washer Dryer Combo Parts Kenmore Washer Dryer Combo Parts KitchenAid Washer Dryer Combo Parts LG Washer Dryer Combo Parts Maytag Washer Dryer Combo Parts Midea Washer Dryer Combo Parts Roper Washer Dryer Combo Parts Tappan Washer Dryer Combo Parts Uni Washer Dryer Combo Parts Whirlpool Washer Dryer Combo Parts Back to Top Related Washer Dryer Combo Parts Washer Dryer Combo Wheels and Rollers Washer Dryer Combo Belts Washer Dryer Combo Fuses Washer Dryer Combo Hardware Washer Dryer Combo Thermostats Washer Dryer Combo Bearings Washer Dryer Combo Latches Washer Dryer Combo Seals and Gaskets Washer Dryer Combo Motors Washer Dryer Combo Pulleys Washer Dryer Combo Valves Washer Dryer Combo Springs and Shock Absorbers Washer Dryer Combo Filters Washer Dryer Combo Agitators Washer Dryer Combo Sensors Washer Dryer Combo Switches Washer Dryer Combo Pumps Washer Dryer Combo Transmissions and Clutches Washer Dryer Combo Insulation Washer Dryer Combo Elements and Burners Washer Dryer Combo Hoses and Tubes Washer Dryer Combo Igniters Washer Dryer Combo Drums and Tubs Washer Dryer Combo Drawers and Glides Washer Dryer Combo Fans and Blowers Washer Dryer Combo Knobs Washer Dryer Combo Handles Washer Dryer Combo Doors Washer Dryer Combo Caps and Lids Washer Dryer Combo Wire Plugs and Connectors Washer Dryer Combo Lights and Bulbs Washer Dryer Combo Dispensers Washer Dryer Combo Circuit Boards and Touch Pads Washer Dryer Combo Hinges Washer Dryer Combo Legs and Feet Washer Dryer Combo Ducts and Vents Washer Dryer Combo Brackets and Flanges Washer Dryer Combo Electronics Washer Dryer Combo Timers Washer Dryer Combo Power Cords Washer Dryer Combo Panels Washer Dryer Combo Attachments and Accessories Back to Top Popular Washer Dryer Combo Models Below are the most popular Washer Dryer Combo models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? GUD27ESSM1WW FEX831CS0 GLET1031CS0 GUD24ESSM1WW LSE7806ACE MLE2000AYW WSM2700DAWWW GUD27ESSJ0WW LAUNDRY CENTER GLET1041AS1 GTUP270EM1WW GUD27ESSJ1WW LAUNDRY CENTER GUD27ESPM1DG WET4024HW0 GUD24ESSJ0WW HOME LAUNDRY COMBO GTUP270EM4WW GTUP240EM1WW FEX831FS4 DLE1101W 7.3 Cu. Ft. Ultra Large Capacity Dryer With Sleek Contemporary Design (Electric) FFLE3911QW0 FFLE3911QW 27 INCH ELECTRIC VENTED LAUND FLEB8200DS0 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Water Filter System ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Water Filter System Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Shop By Part Type Popular Water Filter System Parts Your Price $14.91 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Sump Housing O-ring ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 8 Reviews PartSelect Number PS311086 Manufacturer Part Number WS03X10038 Used with Water filter systems. This is used to prevent leaks. Fixes these symptoms Touchpad does not respond See more... Installation Instructions Charles from Galveston, TX O-ring expanded and would no longer fit Just put it in place and screwed it back together. The big box store (Home Depot) doesn't care about stocking parts to repair items they sell. I'm glad you here. Read more... Your Price $22.89 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Flow Control Kit PartSelect Number PS12727608 Manufacturer Part Number WS02X21934 Your Price $32.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Household Sediment Filter Set ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS220410 Manufacturer Part Number FXUSC This water filter cartridge is a manufacturer-approved replacement part for your home water filter. It helps filter rust, sand, sediment, and soil from your water. This is a pack of two filter cartridges. It has a filter life of 16,000 gallons, or three months. This replacement filter will fit any water filter that houses 9-3/4 inch x 2-1/2 inch cartridges. Fixes these symptoms Touchpad does not respond See more... Your Price $21.89 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Brine Valve Clip ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS311352 Manufacturer Part Number WS60X10004 Used in Water Filters. Fixes these symptoms Touchpad does not respond See more... Installation Instructions edward from perkasie, PA watersoftener was leaking at the union of the manifold and the unit water softener was leaking due to a broken clip. turned off water and drained the pipes. some how managed to remove the broken clip from the inlet side. i than was able to remove the good clip from the outlet side, without breaking it. i replaced the washer on the leaking side, cleaned and resealed all the joints. finally i reattached the manifold to the water softener. no leaks so far. next time i will discarge the unit before repair. Read more... Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System 15" Compactor Bag Carrier With Easy Grip Handles ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 10 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1782408 Manufacturer Part Number 13030RP This 15 inch compactor bag carrier fits around the compactor bag inside the compactor and is used to easily lift and remove trash compactor bags once they are full. Simply place the reusable bag carrier in the garbage can before placing a new compactor bag in the bin. The easy-grip handles make removal easier once the bag is full. This piece also makes a good carrier for bringing in logs for your fireplace. This part fits most 15 inch compactors. For the full list of compatible compactors, check the list below. Compactor bags are sold separately. Fixes these symptoms Compactor ram gets stuck See more... Installation Instructions Edward from Deerfield Beach, FL Change out defective switch Pulled out compactor drawer and removed same, slid the compactor cabinet out and unpluged the appliance. Removed the two phillips head screws to release the control panel. lossened the locking nut from switch. matched the switches to be sure parts were the same,switched the wires to the new switch and reinstalled.replaced phillips screws, all Done !!! Read more... Your Price $115.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Motor Cam Gear Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18352422 Manufacturer Part Number WS26X25021 Restore smooth operation and eliminate grinding noises with this motor cam gear assembly, a critical component that transmits rotation from the motor to drive other parts in sequence. Designed to fix issues caused by worn or stripped gear teeth, this genuine replacement part ensures proper timing, prevents slipping, and maintains consistent performance. Installation is straightforward—just disconnect power and follow your appliance’s instructions for secure setup. Your Price $38.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Water Filtration System Filter PartSelect Number PS220417 Manufacturer Part Number FXWTC This package includes two black filters weighing 2lbs. The housing is not included. This filter fits most major brands that fit in 10-Inch by 2-1/2-Inch sumps. Whole home filtration systems such as this, provide filtered water at every tap. The purpose of the filter is to help cut down on chlorine, sand, soil, silt, sediment, rust, among other things. The operating pressure is 125 PSI, the operating temperature is 40-100 degrees Fahrenheit, it has a flow rate of 4.0 GPMs, and a micron rating of five. Reducing sediment in your water gives your equipment a longer life. For the best results you will need to replace this filter every three months or 700 gallons of water, depending on your water conditions. Installation Instructions Tom from WEYMOUTH, MA Time to change the filters Quickly System had air in it (Normal) Pushed red relief button to bleed system, Filter started to leak and wouldn't stop. To correct I pressed button multiple times. Leak stopped. Read more... Your Price $22.89 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Diaphragm Kit PartSelect Number PS12727611 Manufacturer Part Number WS03X21933 Your Price $85.89 In Stock Add to cart Water Filter System Faucet PartSelect Number PS12727620 Manufacturer Part Number WS15X21941 Designed for optimal operation, the GE faucet component offers superior functionality to keep your appliance running smoothly. Made with unrivaled quality that you can trust, this robust faucet part ensures long-lasting performance and consistency. Its design is compatible with specific GE appliance models, enhancing versatility and convenience in your repairs. Reduce the hassle, increase lifespan and optimize the functionality of your appliance with the GE faucet. Get your appliance to perform at its best today with the GE faucet part. Your Price $55.81 On Order Add to cart Water Filter System Sanitization Kit PartSelect Number PS12727634 Manufacturer Part Number WS35X22001 This sanitization kit includes essential components for maintaining a clean and hygienic appliance interior. Designed for easy use, it helps eliminate residue and bacteria, ensuring safe operation and extending the life of your appliance. Installation and usage instructions vary by model—refer to your appliance guide for proper application. Water Filter System Brands Cuisinart Water Filter System Parts General Electric Water Filter System Parts Mr Coffee Water Filter System Parts Novatek Water Filter System Parts Back to Top Related Water Filter System Parts Water Filter System Filters Water Filter System Valves Back to Top Popular Water Filter System Models Below are the most popular Water Filter System models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? GXRM10GBL GXRM10RBL00 GXSH40V01 GXWH20F GXK285JBL WATER SYSTEMS GXWH04F GXCF05D GXWH20S GXWH08C GXRV10ABL GXRQ18NBN PXCR33KSS GXCF25FBS PXRQ15F00 GXSF30V02 GXSV10C GXSHC40N00 GXSL03C WR57X92 GXCF25HBS + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Water Heater ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Water Heater Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Shop By Part Type Popular Water Heater Parts Your Price $19.89 On Order Add to cart Water Heater Door Thermistor PartSelect Number PS16874696 Manufacturer Part Number WS21X23195 Your Price $14.91 In Stock Add to cart Water Heater 12vdc Thermal Cut Out PartSelect Number PS16226643 Manufacturer Part Number WS17X22383 Your Price $71.95 Special Order Add to cart Water Heater Rod Anode - Mag 46.75 PartSelect Number PS16874685 Manufacturer Part Number WS02X23198 Your Price $147.57 Special Order Add to cart Water Heater Gas Control Valve (atm - Ng) Thermistor PartSelect Number PS16874714 Manufacturer Part Number WS52X23161 Your Price $108.43 Special Order Add to cart Water Heater Heating Element W/ Gasket PartSelect Number PS16874713 Manufacturer Part Number WS51X23622 Your Price $56.79 In Stock Add to cart Water Heater Anode Rod-mag 40" M " PartSelect Number PS12741380 Manufacturer Part Number WS02X22202 Your Price $67.76 On Order Add to cart Water Heater Heating Element PartSelect Number PS16619689 Manufacturer Part Number WS51X22921 Your Price $57.79 In Stock Add to cart Water Heater Pilot Assembly PartSelect Number PS16874716 Manufacturer Part Number WS52X23199 Your Price $14.91 In Stock Add to cart Water Heater Badge PartSelect Number PS12703459 Manufacturer Part Number WR04X29994 Your Price $40.95 Special Order Add to cart Water Heater Sensor Assembly PartSelect Number PS8759100 Manufacturer Part Number WS17X10014 Water Heater Brands General Electric Water Heater Parts General Electric Water Heater Parts Kenmore Water Heater Parts Maytag Water Heater Parts Midea Water Heater Parts Back to Top Related Water Heater Parts Water Heater Sensors Water Heater Seals and Gaskets Water Heater Hoses and Tubes Water Heater Circuit Boards and Touch Pads Water Heater Valves Water Heater Compressors Back to Top Popular Water Heater Models Below are the most popular Water Heater models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? GEH50DEEDSRA GEH50DNSRSA GEH50DEEDSRB GEH50DEEDSCB HR682DJRTCSA Electric GG40T08BXR01 Water Heater GEH50DEEJSCA WATER HEATER GE50T08BAM01 HJ6822JRTCSA Electric GEH50DEEDSCA GN94DNSRSA01 HE2950T Electric GG50T10BXR01 Water Heater GEH50DFEJSRA WATER HEATER GEH50DFEJSRB WATER HEATER GE20P08BAR01 Water Heater GG30S08BXR01 Water Heater GE50S10BMM01 Electric Water Heater HRN4940T Gas GE30S08BAM01 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Water Pump ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Water Pump Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Shop By Part Type Popular Water Pump Parts Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Water Pump Foam Air Filter PartSelect Number PS9179545 Manufacturer Part Number A226000670 The manufacturer certified Foam Air Filter is a black, foam part, used to filter out contaminents from entering the carburetor. It attaches in the air cleaner housing, is rated as "Easy" to install, and requires a screw driver (Tip: put a bit of two-cycle oil in the bag, and let it absorb into the filter). If the part wears out, the engine will burn more fuel and you will have noticably less power because it will be starved for air. If this happens, the part must be replaced. Refer to your make, model and diagram to ensure this air filter is correct for your machine. Your Price $17.83 Special Order Add to cart Water Pump O-ring (217.5x3.5) (arai) PartSelect Number PS12143625 Manufacturer Part Number 91351-YB3-003 Your Price $15.57 Special Order Add to cart Water Pump Cap, Filler PartSelect Number PS12139692 Manufacturer Part Number 78117-YB3-K10 Introducing the Honda Cap, Filler - a superb addition to your appliance repair toolkit. Crafted with Honda's commitment to quality and precision, this filler cap offers both durability and reliability in maintaining your Honda appliances. It's an original and genuine part, ensuring it meets the stellar standards you've come to expect from Honda. Perfect for repairing or enhancing your Honda appliances, it boasts superior performance and compatibility. Trust in the power of Honda's renowned engineering with this filler cap. Invest today for ensuring longevity and perfection in your Honda appliances. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Water Pump Trimmer Foam Pre-filter PartSelect Number PS9313973 Manufacturer Part Number A226000700 This Foam Air Filter is a yellow, foam part, used to filter out contaminents from entering the engine. It lays on top of the main air filter, is rated as "Easy" to install, and requires a screw driver . If your filter is dirty and discolored then it has worn out, and the part should be replaced. Refer to your make, model and diagram to ensure this air filter is correct for your machine. Your Price $16.01 In Stock Add to cart Water Pump Filter, Air PartSelect Number PS9179546 Manufacturer Part Number A226000690 This Air Filter is used to stop debris and particles from entering the carburetor and engine which would cause damage. If this part is worn or damaged, the engine may become hard to start and run rich or there may be a loss of power. This means the part is broken and should be replaced. It should also be replaced according to the manufacturer's schedule. This filter is constructed of white foam and attaches inside the air cleaner housing. Installation is rated as "Easy" and requires a screw driver, and socket set. Refer to your make, model and diagram to ensure this is the correct part for your machine. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Water Pump Air Cleaner Element PartSelect Number PS9903207 Manufacturer Part Number 17211-Z0H-000 This replacement element air cleaner is a genuine OEM sourced item, not an aftermarket imitation. It is specially designed for use with Honda engines. This filter is used to remove contaminants from the air that goes into the carburetor. Over time it will get clogged interfering with the airflow. No tools would be needed to replace this item. Your Price $6.15 Special Order Add to cart Water Pump Air Cleaner Element PartSelect Number PS9903220 Manufacturer Part Number 17211-ZM3-000 This replacement element air cleaner is an authentic high quality item designed for use with Honda engines. It is sourced from original equipment manufacturer, it is not an aftermarket imitation. Its purpose is to filter out dust and debris from contaminating the engine. Please note, one foam air cleaner element is included per order. Replacing this item is a very simple task that does not require any tools. Your Price $12.23 In Stock Add to cart Water Pump Trimmer Air Cleaner Case Assembly PartSelect Number PS9235482 Manufacturer Part Number P021002921 Your Price $23.03 On Order Add to cart Water Pump Element-air Filter PartSelect Number PS8841086 Manufacturer Part Number 11013-2128 This is an authentic item that is supplied by the original equipment manufacturer for use with Kawasaki engines commonly installed on lawn and garden equipment. It is the special filter element which helps to ensure that the air that goes into the engine is free of dust and other harmful contaminants. Over time it may get clogged restricting the air flow and eventually requiring a replacement to maintain peak performance. Keep in mind this high-quality pleated paper filter is sold individually. Your Price $13.71 In Stock Add to cart Water Pump Cap Assembly, Fuel Tank PartSelect Number PS17016333 Manufacturer Part Number 17620-ZM3-073 This cap is an authentic replacement part manufactured by Honda. It is commonly used in small engines. This black cap is designed to seal the opening of the fuel tank to prevent gasoline from spilling or leaking. It is made of plastic, and it should be replaced if it is cracked or damaged. It is sold individually. Water Pump Brands Echo Water Pump Parts Honda Water Pump Parts Kawasaki Water Pump Parts Shindaiwa Water Pump Parts Back to Top Related Water Pump Parts Water Pump Bags Water Pump Belts Water Pump Blades Water Pump Brushes Water Pump Caps and Lids Water Pump Circuit Boards and Touch Pads Water Pump Compressors Water Pump Control Cables Water Pump Deflectors and Chutes Water Pump Dipsticks Water Pump Dispensers Water Pump Doors Water Pump Drawers and Glides Water Pump Drums and Tubs Water Pump Ducts and Vents Water Pump Electronics Water Pump Elements and Burners Water Pump Fans and Blowers Water Pump Fuses Water Pump Handles Water Pump Hardware Water Pump Hinges Water Pump Ice Makers Water Pump Ignitions Water Pump Latches Water Pump Legs and Feet Water Pump Lights and Bulbs Water Pump Motors Water Pump Panels Water Pump Power Cords Water Pump Pulleys Water Pump Pumps Water Pump Remote Controls Water Pump Seals and Gaskets Water Pump Sensors Water Pump Spray Arms Water Pump Springs and Shock Absorbers Water Pump Transmissions and Clutches Back to Top Popular Water Pump Models Below are the most popular Water Pump models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? Fh50150 Power Scrub Deluxe WMP20X Water Pump WMP20X (Type A1)(VIN# -1000001) Water Pump FH50240 Max Extract 60 Pressure Pro FH50220 Max Extract 60 Pressure Pro WH20X Water Pump GP25 Water Pump WT30X Water Pump GP45 Water Pump WX15 Water Pump WX15 Water Pump WX15 Water Pump WX15 Water Pump WX15 Water Pump AP125 Pump AP125 Pump AP125 Pump AP125 Pump AP125 Pump AP125 Pump + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Water Softener ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Water Softener Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Popular Water Softener Parts Your Price $21.89 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Brine Valve Clip ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS311352 Manufacturer Part Number WS60X10004 Used in Water Filters. Fixes these symptoms Touchpad does not respond See more... Installation Instructions edward from perkasie, PA watersoftener was leaking at the union of the manifold and the unit water softener was leaking due to a broken clip. turned off water and drained the pipes. some how managed to remove the broken clip from the inlet side. i than was able to remove the good clip from the outlet side, without breaking it. i replaced the washer on the leaking side, cleaned and resealed all the joints. finally i reattached the manifold to the water softener. no leaks so far. next time i will discarge the unit before repair. Read more... Your Price $115.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Motor Cam Gear Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18352422 Manufacturer Part Number WS26X25021 Restore smooth operation and eliminate grinding noises with this motor cam gear assembly, a critical component that transmits rotation from the motor to drive other parts in sequence. Designed to fix issues caused by worn or stripped gear teeth, this genuine replacement part ensures proper timing, prevents slipping, and maintains consistent performance. Installation is straightforward—just disconnect power and follow your appliance’s instructions for secure setup. Your Price $13.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Tube Clip PartSelect Number PS311356 Manufacturer Part Number WS60X10008 Sold individually and used with water softeners. Installation Instructions Dennis from LIBERTY, MO The unit was not measuring water as it went thru.had stuck turbin. Very easy to put softener in bypass and release pressure by starting a regeneration cycle. Clips removed by hand with no force required. Separate bypass from softener. Removed old turbine and slid new turbine into unit. Reconnect bypass valve and install clips by hand. Return softener to service mode. Unit now shows gal / minute in screen. Read more... Your Price $547.33 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Control ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11727025 Manufacturer Part Number WS21X20981 Experience optimal performance with your water softener thanks to this state-of-the-art electronic control board from GE. It is expertly designed to effectively manage the various functions and settings of your water softener unit. Be sure to unplug your water softener prior to installation to ensure absolute safety. Also, remember to wear work gloves to shield your hands while performing the installation. Trust in the reliable quality and superior technologic precision of GE's product. This electronic control board is an essential part to ensure your water softener's efficient functionality. Your Price $151.21 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Brine Valve Assembly PartSelect Number PS6447789 Manufacturer Part Number WS15X10077 Introducing the Brine Valve Assembly, a genuine OEM item crafted by GE with utmost precision. Designed for efficient performance, this valve assembly may appear similar to other models, but it showcases unique size and shape features that underline its exceptional quality. It's crucial to ensure that the model of your appliance matches with this product to guarantee a perfect fit and top performance. As a trusted GE product, rely on this Brine Valve Assembly for a durable and effective solution to your appliance repair needs. Please remember to verify your model's compatibility before placing an order. Installation Instructions John from RICHMOND, TX Using RustOut in the brine tank for years destroyed the seals and salt valve of the brine assembly. Easier to replace entire brine valve assembly. Remove the top back lid/unlatch 2 clips. Unscrew the small brine tube nut (white) from left side of control unit. Cut the tube to remove nut from old tube with utility knife. Keep nut for use on new assembly. Not included. Remove brine well cover. Pull the tube out of the top and from behind resin tank and remove assembly from brine well. Discarded the old brine valve assembly. Removed the bit of old tube from the nut, w/ utility knife. Careful not to damage the old nut. Snake the new brine tube from front right side through the back of the resin tank to the old hole on the left. Follow the old path. Insert the new brine tube into the top section through the hole the old one came out of. Attached nut to new brine tube. Screw nut/new brine tube to the connector of control unit. Small fingers help. Adjust/slide the float assembly 6-8 inches inches above the valve, e.g. Styrofoam/Metal Weight slides up/down the white stalk. Re-inserted the brine assembly into the brine tank. Replace top. Manually regenerate to make sure new brine assembly is not leaking and filling the brine tank properly. Done. Read more... Your Price $135.19 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Valve By Pass Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS8759091 Manufacturer Part Number WS15X10078 This bypass valve assembly is an essential component for water softener systems, allowing you to control water flow without shutting off supply to the entire home. It features a convenient bypass function for directing water around the softener during maintenance or manual operation, and a blending valve for adjusting water hardness to your preferred level. Built for durability and high performance, this part ensures proper fit and reliable operation in large, high-flow water softener models. Installation is straightforward—follow the manufacturer’s guidelines to secure the valve and restore full functionality. Your Price $38.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Adapt.-npt Thd-std Valve PartSelect Number PS1483922 Manufacturer Part Number WS60X10013 Your Price $265.97 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Control PartSelect Number PS8759105 Manufacturer Part Number WS21X10053 Refresh and enhance the performance of your GE water softener with this genuine OEM item. This electronic control board is the engine that manages the functions and settings of your water softener unit. Please ensure this part is appropriate for your model prior to purchasing, as size and shape may slightly vary. When installing this component, it's highly recommended to unplug your water softener and wear work gloves for safety and ease. A dose of simplification to your appliance repair needs, this control board allows you to focus on enjoying soft, delicate water. Experience the quality and reliability that GE consistently offers. Your Price $43.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener Seal O-ring PartSelect Number PS8759074 Manufacturer Part Number WS03X10072 Your Price $49.95 In Stock Add to cart Water Softener O-ring Seal Kit PartSelect Number PS311316 Manufacturer Part Number WS35X10001 Used in Water Filters. Fixes these symptoms Touchpad does not respond See more... Water Softener Brands GE Water Softener Parts Hydrotech Water Softener Parts Maytag Water Softener Parts Novatek Water Softener Parts Back to Top Popular Water Softener Models Below are the most popular Water Softener models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? GXSH40V00 GXSF39E01 GXSF30V00 GXSF40H02 GXSF27E01 GXSF30H02 GXSF40H01 GNSF35Z01 Uc filtration-carbon GXSH39E01 PNSF39Z01 Uc filtration-carbon PNSF31Z01 Uc filtration-carbon GNSF23Z01 Uc filtration-carbon GXSF30H01 GXSF35E01 GNSF18Z01 Uc filtration-carbon GXSF27B01 GXSH45V00 GXSF39B01 GXSS17Z01 Uc filtration-carbon GXSF39B00 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved.

=== Brand: Welder ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Welder Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Welder Parts Your Price $2.99 In Stock Add to cart Welder Cap PartSelect Number PS12492320 Manufacturer Part Number 823727 This manufacturer sourced replacement part is designed for use with Delta and Porter Cable power tools. The purpose of the brush cap is to secure the carbon brush in the tool. This item is made from durable plastic and it is sold individually, to secure or remove it you will need a flat-head screwdriver. Your Price $6.05 In Stock Add to cart Welder Brush PartSelect Number PS18986814 Manufacturer Part Number 848790 This is a genuine OEM replacement carbon brush designed for use with Delta and Porter Cable power equipment. It includes one (1) carbon brush with lead wire and a spring attached. Carbon brushes are a commonly replaced item on power tools. Carbon brushes through friction and use will gradually wear away and will eventually require replacement. It is recommended to replace both brushes at the same time. You would need a screwdriver and pliers to complete this job. • First remove screws holding the cover together • Remove the housing to gain access to armature and brush holder • Remove the old brush • Install the new brush • Reassemble and test your tool Your Price $11.82 In Stock Add to cart Welder Spool Lock PartSelect Number PS10245301 Manufacturer Part Number WC707024AV This is an authentic replacement part manufactured for use with Campbell Hausfeld arc welders. The spool lock is used to fasten the spool of wire to the welder and the lock is removed to change spools. This spool lock is available as an individual replacement part. Your Price $10.02 In Stock Add to cart Welder Spool Spring PartSelect Number PS10245302 Manufacturer Part Number WC707026AV Your Price $6.15 On Order Add to cart Welder Collet PartSelect Number PS16865311 Manufacturer Part Number 2610397235 Your Price $19.17 In Stock Add to cart Welder Spool Retainer PartSelect Number PS10245300 Manufacturer Part Number WC707023AV This is a genuine OEM sourced component which is specially produced for use with Campbell Hausfeld wire feed arc welders. It is an identical replacement for a missing or a faulty retainer that was installed on a new unit. The purpose of this part is to secure the spool, please make sure to refer to the appropriate diagrams for the correct location and application of this hardware. Keep in mind this high-quality spool retainer is made of durable metal and is sold individually. Your Price $40.37 In Stock Add to cart Welder Liner, Metal PartSelect Number PS10245271 Manufacturer Part Number WC600208AV Your Price $29.52 In Stock Add to cart Welder Collet PartSelect Number PS16865312 Manufacturer Part Number 2610397236 Your Price $25.86 In Stock Add to cart Welder Electrode Holder PartSelect Number PS10245206 Manufacturer Part Number WC200300AV 70 amps Your Price $199.47 Special Order Add to cart Welder Drive Deck Assembly PartSelect Number PS10245263 Manufacturer Part Number WC500800AJ Related Welder Parts Welder Bearings Welder Belts Welder Brackets and Flanges Welder Brushes Welder Caps and Lids Welder Carburetors Welder Circuit Boards and Touch Pads Welder Control Cables Welder Deflectors and Chutes Welder Dipsticks Welder Dishracks Welder Dispensers Welder Doors Welder Drawers and Glides Welder Ducts and Vents Welder Electronics Welder Engines Welder Exhausts Welder Fans and Blowers Welder Filters Welder Fuses Welder Gears Welder Grilles and Kickplates Welder Handles Welder Hardware Welder Hinges Welder Hoses and Tubes Welder Ice Makers Welder Igniters Welder Ignitions Welder Insulation Welder Knobs Welder Latches Welder Legs and Feet Welder Lights and Bulbs Welder Manuals and Literature Welder Motors Welder Panels Welder Power Cords Welder Pulleys Welder Pumps Welder Seals and Gaskets Welder Sensors Welder Spark Plugs Welder Spindles Welder Spray Arms Welder Springs and Shock Absorbers Welder Starters Welder Switches Welder Tanks and Containers Welder Thermostats Welder Transformers Welder Transmissions and Clutches Welder Trim Welder Valves Welder Wheels and Rollers Welder Wire Plugs and Connectors Back to Top Popular Welder Models Below are the most popular Welder models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? WG2160 Wire Feed Arc Welder 2000 2000 Bare Tool Na Versatip 2000 Gas Welding Torch WF2150 Wire Feed Arc Welder WF2000 Power Expert Welder WG3000 Wire Feed Arc Welder WG2060 Wire Feed Arc Welder WT4000 Oxy-Fuel Welding and Cutting Outfit WF2034 Wire Feed Arc Welder 1131922 Craftsman A. C. Arc Welder MXW413 Wire Feed Arc Welder GW4020 Welder / Generator WG2020 Wire Feed Arc Welder 2200 Gas Welding Torch 2200 2200 Bare Tool Na Versaflame WS0970 Shielded Metal Arc Welder WG2040 Wire Feed Arc Welder 2200-01 Gas Welding Torch WS0973 Mastercraft Arc Welder WF2054 Wire Feed Arc Welder + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Utility Vacuum ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Utility Vacuum Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Shop By Part Type Popular Utility Vacuum Parts Your Price $9.26 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Caster PartSelect Number PS11867132 Manufacturer Part Number 29823 Genuine Ridgid replacement part, this item is sold individually. The purpose of the 29823 Caster it to make the Vacuums shown below more mobile. To replace the Caster , pull on it and remove it from the Caster Foot, then just simply press the new caster back in. Your Price $9.72 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Toggle Switch PartSelect Number PS17016247 Manufacturer Part Number 12313R This high quality Ridgid replacement part is used with wet and dry vacuums. It is an authentic OEM sourced item, not an aftermarket imitation. This toggle switch allows user to turn the unit on and off. Because switches use mechanical internals, they will degrade and wear out over time, eventually requiring replacement. Please note, this plastic item is sold individually. Your Price $82.49 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Motor Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS12508579 Manufacturer Part Number N311321 Upgrade the performance of your DeWALT power tools with this superior Motor Assembly. This crucial component is designed with precision and built to last, ensuring optimized performance and enhanced durability. As an original DeWALT product, it guarantees seamless compatibility with your power tool, ensuring efficient and smooth operations. This Motor Assembly enables your tool to handle tough tasks with ease, boosting overall productivity. The solid construction and reliable features make it a must-have replacement part for your DeWALT tools. Experience the power of DeWALT with this Motor Assembly, and level up your tool's performance today. Installation Instructions Paul from N CHARLESTON, SC Motor froze due to moisture damage The motor for DMV015 can work for the older DMV012. I cut out the tabs on the plastic ring that helps hold the motor in place. It now holds the slightly different sized motor perfectly and has more power than previously. (the replacement motor for DMV012 seems to be unavailable) Read more... Your Price $15.46 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Caster PartSelect Number PS11866617 Manufacturer Part Number 12293 This is a genuine manufacturer-sourced caster which is specially designed for use with Craftsman vacuums. It is an identical replacement for a missing or faulty caster that was originally installed on a new unit, please make sure to refer to the appropriate diagrams of your model for the correct location and application of this component. Keep in mind this high-quality caster is made of durable materials and is sold individually. Your Price $9.21 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Filter Nut PartSelect Number PS10017383 Manufacturer Part Number 83872 Genuine Ridgid replacement part, this item is sold individually. The 83872 is used in the Ridgid Vacuums that have a threaded end on the Filter Cage. Its purpose is to secure the filter and filter cage together. Your Price $27.83 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Hose Assembly PartSelect Number PS11877016 Manufacturer Part Number 14-37-0160 This is a genuine Milwaukee replacement hose assembly. It is supplied directly from original equipment manufacturer for use with vacuum cleaners. This flexible hose connects to the main unit providing user with easy way to pick up dust and debris. It is made out of black plastic and it is sold individually. Please note the nozzles and connecting pipes are sold separately. The vacuum can be used for debris pickup or as a blower, depending on the port used. • For debris pickup, insert the large end of hose into the intake port of the motor housing, lining up the tabs on the hose with the notches in the port. Twist to secure and form a tight fit • To use as a blower, insert the large end of hose into the blower port of the motor housing, lining up the tabs on the hose with the notches in the port. Twist to secure and form a tight fit • Attach one of the accessories to the other end of the hose. Twist to form a tight fit. Use 1-1/4" opening accessories Your Price $9.38 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Foot Caster PartSelect Number PS11867134 Manufacturer Part Number 29833 This is a genuine OEM sourced replacement part designed for use with Ridgid wet/dry vacuum. It is an insert that is connected to the body and it holds the wheel/caster. This part is made out of plastic and it is sold individually. Your Price $11.30 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Foot Caster PartSelect Number PS11866635 Manufacturer Part Number 12388 Genuine Ridgid replacement part this item is sold individually. There are four of these used on each of the Vacuum models shown below. The Foot is attached to the side of the canister and the Caster is pressed into the Foot. Your Price $29.95 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Hose Assembly PartSelect Number PS11927337 Manufacturer Part Number 5140128-68 This is an original part that is sourced directly from DeWalt for use with a wet/dry vacuum. This part vacuums up dirt and debris and delivers it to the tank. The hose is made of flexible rubber and includes the attachment ends. This part is sold as an individual replacement part. This part does not require the use of any tools when replacing. Your Price $15.60 In Stock Add to cart Utility Vacuum Hose Assembly PartSelect Number PS12527497 Manufacturer Part Number N445803 Utility Vacuum Brands Black and Decker Utility Vacuum Parts DeWALT Utility Vacuum Parts Dustless Technologies Utility Vacuum Parts Milwaukee Utility Vacuum Parts Oreck Utility Vacuum Parts Porter Cable Utility Vacuum Parts Ridgid Utility Vacuum Parts Sanitaire Utility Vacuum Parts Back to Top Related Utility Vacuum Parts Utility Vacuum Hardware Back to Top Popular Utility Vacuum Models Below are the most popular Utility Vacuum models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 16006 Wet / Dry Vacuum WD16650 16 Gallon Wet/Dry Vac 400 Shop Vacuum DCV580 20v Max / 18v Ac/Dc Wet D Power Tool DCV580 Wet Dry Vacuum DCV580 Wet Dry Vacuum DCV580 Wet/Dry Cordless Vacuum DWV012 10 Gallon HEPA Dust Extractor with Automatic Filter Clean 113 Accessory A Vacuum Accessory 8912 3-Stage Wet/Dry Vacuum Cleaner 8912 3-Stage Wet/Dry Vacuum Cleaner 8912 3-Stage Wet/Dry Vacuum Cleaner DCV581H 18v-20v Ac/Dc Vac DCV581H 18/20V Max Wet-Dry Vac DCV581H 18v-20v Ac/Dc Vac WD14500 14 Gallon Professional Wet /Dry Vac VC4210L Wet/Dry Vacuum 8935 Vacuum WD12450 12 Gallon Wet / Dry Vacuum DWV010X 8 Gal Dst Ext 2-1/2 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Wine and Beverage Cooler ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Brand Shop By Part Type Popular Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Your Price $28.95 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Door Key ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS3506557 Manufacturer Part Number 5304485424 Your Price $139.95 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Gasket / Black ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS11750827 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10238068 This door gasket is used to make an air-tight seal for the cabinet when the door is closed. Installation Instructions Paul from RCH PALOS VRD, CA Old Gasket loose. could not fit back in. Got my son in law to do it Read more... Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Defrost Thermistor PartSelect Number PS12703565 Manufacturer Part Number WR55X29875 Installation Instructions Generoso from Ocala, FL freezer temperature was warm, but freezer evaporator frozen unplugged the electrical connection from the wall, took out the top and bottom shelves from the freezer (freezer located in the lower part of fridge) took out the freezer door by unscrewing 4 screws (2 on the right 2 on the left) unscrew 2 screws on the back panel, unplugged the fan cables to uncover the evaporator, disconnected the thermistor, cut the wire about 1/2 inch, unhooked and unplugged the defrost heater, unscrew 1 screw. with 2 Splice Lock Wire Terminals connected the new thermistor with the old thermistor wires and placed it back to the evaporator. placed the new defrost heater to the bottom of the evaporator, screwed 1 screw back and plugged it back. Read more... Your Price $128.55 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Magnetic Gasket PartSelect Number PS965018 Manufacturer Part Number WR24X10161 This magnetic gasket is designed to create a secure, airtight seal for the door of your wine cooler or beverage center, helping maintain consistent internal temperatures. If you're noticing temperature fluctuations or poor cooling performance, replacing the gasket may resolve the issue. Installation is simple—just unplug the appliance and wear protective gloves. To smooth out any folds in the gasket, soak it in warm water or gently warm it with a hair dryer. Always verify your appliance’s model number to ensure compatibility. Your Price $90.02 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Door Gasket - Black PartSelect Number PS3409829 Manufacturer Part Number 5304479808 This door gasket is a genuine OEM replacement for Frigidaire wine coolers and refrigerators. Made from durable black rubber, it creates an airtight seal between the door and the appliance body to maintain proper internal temperature and improve energy efficiency. By preventing air and moisture leaks, the gasket helps reduce energy waste and protects food and beverages from spoilage. If the original gasket is torn, flattened, brittle, or leaking, replacing it will restore optimal performance and prevent noise or vibration issues. For best results during installation, smooth out any folds or creases by soaking the gasket in warm water or gently warming it with a hair dryer on a low setting before fitting it into place. Your Price $146.95 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Motor Condenser PartSelect Number PS11752373 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10299090 Introducing the Whirlpool MOTOR-COND, a genuine OEM part meticulously designed for select models. This critical component is the heart of your wine cooler, driving the condenser fan blade to circulate air across the condenser coil efficiently. Enforcing safety, you are advised to unplug your appliance before the installation of this essential part. To ensure personal safety during the process, wearing work gloves is highly recommended. Perfectly sized and shaped, this part may seem similar to others but features slight and valuable variations. Created by Whirlpool, a trusted name in the appliance industry, this innovative part ensures your wine cooler stays in peak working condition. Your Price $16.95 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Door Key ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS12172397 Manufacturer Part Number WR01X28053 This door key is supplied by the original manufacturer for use with refrigerators and freezers. It is a metal key that is designed to lock and unlock the door of the appliance. If the key is lost or damaged, you can easily replace it to continue securing your appliances and prevent unwanted access. To use your new key, simply locate the keyhole and insert the new key. If multiple people use the refrigerator/freezer, it is recommended to consider purchasing additional keys for your convenience. Your Price $123.43 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Door Gasket (black) PartSelect Number PS12532954 Manufacturer Part Number W11102846 This refrigerator door gasket is a genuine OEM replacement designed to create an airtight seal, keeping cold air in and warm air out for optimal cooling performance. Made from flexible black rubber/vinyl, it helps maintain consistent internal temperatures, reduce energy consumption, and prevent frost or moisture buildup around the door. A worn or damaged gasket can lead to temperature fluctuations and higher energy costs. Installation is simple—remove the old gasket and press the new one into place, warming it slightly with warm water or a hairdryer to eliminate shipping creases for a proper fit. Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Toe Kick Bracket PartSelect Number PS16542845 Manufacturer Part Number WR74X34510 Your Price $120.92 In Stock Add to cart Wine and Beverage Cooler Door Gasket ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS11770651 Manufacturer Part Number 5304507207 Introducing the Frigidaire Door Gasket, a genuine OEM part designed for optimum functionality. Compatible with select models of Frigidaire, Electrolux, White Westinghouse, and Tappan, it provides a robust solution for keeping your freezer sealed and efficient. Comes with smooth folds and creases and is easily pliable after a warm water soak or a low heat treatment with a hairdryer. This door gasket is particularly designed for freezers and initiates a seal around the door to keep warm air out. Please ensure safety precautions like unplugging the freezer before installing and storing food that could deteriorate when the power is off. Remember to wear work gloves to protect your hands during installation. Wine and Beverage Cooler Brands Admiral Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Crosley Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Cuisinart Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Dacor Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Electrolux Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Emerson Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Frigidaire Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts General Electric Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts General Electric Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Haier Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Jenn-Air Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Kalorik Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts KitchenAid Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Magic Chef Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Maytag Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Midea Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts SMEG Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Waring Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Whirlpool Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Back to Top Related Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Wine and Beverage Cooler Hardware Wine and Beverage Cooler Sensors Wine and Beverage Cooler Seals and Gaskets Wine and Beverage Cooler Trays and Shelves Wine and Beverage Cooler Hinges Wine and Beverage Cooler Compressors Wine and Beverage Cooler Elements and Burners Wine and Beverage Cooler Switches Wine and Beverage Cooler Handles Wine and Beverage Cooler Wire Plugs and Connectors Wine and Beverage Cooler Thermostats Wine and Beverage Cooler Doors Wine and Beverage Cooler Brackets and Flanges Wine and Beverage Cooler Dispensers Wine and Beverage Cooler Insulation Back to Top Popular Wine and Beverage Cooler Models Below are the most popular Wine and Beverage Cooler models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? LFBC46F5LS PCR06BATASS ZDBC240NBBS ZDBC240NABS ZDBR240PABS KBCS24RSBS04 KUWA244PBS00 FFBC4622QS WINE COOLER EI24BC65GS0 FFBC46L2QS 2014 ELECTROLUX REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR LIST KBCS24LSBS04 FFBC46F5LS FGBC5334VS ZDWR240PBBS Refrigerator - P Series KUWA244PSS00 KUWS246ESS02 ZDWC240NBBS KUWS24RSBS14 KUWS24LSBS14 FGWC46L3SS WINE COOLER + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Workbench ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Workbench Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Workbench Parts Your Price $8.58 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Leg Catch PartSelect Number PS9927406 Manufacturer Part Number 242416-00 This is a genuine Black and Decker replacement part. It is sold Individually. The part will hold the leg on the Workmate in the down position and lock it in place. By releasing this part the leg can be raised back into the up position. Your Price $5.95 On Order Add to cart Workbench Grip PartSelect Number PS10016520 Manufacturer Part Number 807530-02 This grip is a genuine Black and Decker replacement part designed for use with vise jaws. Sold individually, it fits securely into the holes on the vise jaws and is used to hold various shapes and sizes of materials in place while you work. By inserting the grip into different holes, you can customize the clamping setup to suit your project needs, making it a versatile and practical addition to your Workmate. Whether you're replacing a worn grip or adding extras for convenience, this part helps ensure a stable and secure hold during use. Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Foot Boot PartSelect Number PS9927396 Manufacturer Part Number 242393-00 This is a genuine Black and Decker replacement part, it is sold individually. The foot is used on all of the workmates shown below. There are four per unit. The purpose of the foot is to keep the unit stable and keep it from moving on the surface it is placed on. It attaches the 242415-02 Leg. VIDEOS! Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Crank Arm PartSelect Number PS9927367 Manufacturer Part Number 242302-00 Genuine Black and Decker replacement part, it is sold individually. This part is used on all the Workmates shown below Its purpose is to open and close the front and rear Vise Jaws on the Workmates. It is held to the vise screw by means of roll pin. Your Price $7.86 On Order Add to cart Workbench Knob PartSelect Number PS9927412 Manufacturer Part Number 242440-00 This is a genuine Black and Decker replacement part, it is sold individually. The Snap-In Knob is installed in the 242302-00 Crank Handle, on the list of Wormates shown below. Its purpose is to rotate the crank vise to open or close the vise jaws. Your Price $5.95 On Order Add to cart Workbench Foot PartSelect Number PS9927397 Manufacturer Part Number 242394-00 This is a genuine Black and Decker replacement part, it is sold individually. The foot is used on all of the workmates shown below. There are four per unit. The purpose of the foot is to keep the unit stable and keep it from moving on the surface it is placed on. Your Price $8.25 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Slide Index Bracket PartSelect Number PS9927655 Manufacturer Part Number 243024-00 This is a Genuine OEM Sourced replacement part designed for use with Workbenches. This item acts as a Support for Vise Jaws. It is made out of Plastic and it is Sold Individually. To replace it you would need a Wrench to remove and secure the Bolts that hold Slide Index and the Vise Jaws. Your Price $41.67 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Ball Bearing PartSelect Number PS10463888 Manufacturer Part Number BB-6203ZZ Genuine Manufacturer Sourced replacement part used on a variety of Power Tools. This part is made out of Metal and it is sold individually. Ball bearings are used to reduce friction between rotating parts. The balls or rollers take the load and spin, distributing the weight evenly while the minimal contact area of the ball reduces friction. This reduces wear on the tool and allows it to run smoothly. Bearings experience constant wear when the tool is in operation from pressure, heat, vibration and friction. Because of this, many Bearings need periodic maintenance or replacement. Your Price $41.38 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Vise Jaws PartSelect Number PS10176022 Manufacturer Part Number 5140006-25 This item is a genuine Black and Decker replacement part that has been sourced from the original manufacturer to be used with work benches. The wood vise jaws connect to the slide blocks and are used to support material or secure it between the two jaws. This item is available as an individual replacement part. Your Price $26.28 In Stock Add to cart Workbench Lock System PartSelect Number PS10400428 Manufacturer Part Number 7286-1PK This is a high-quality replacement lock system that is supplied by the original manufacturer for Knaack equipment. It is an important feature that allows a user to secure the lid. The kit includes one durable metal nut, a bolt, and a bracket. To ensure the correct application of these components, make sure to refer to the owner's manual and the diagrams of your specific model. You will need a wrench to perform this repair. Related Workbench Parts Workbench Legs and Feet Workbench Hardware Back to Top Popular Workbench Models Below are the most popular Workbench models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? WM225 Workmate 225 WM225 Workmate 225 55 Rolling Work Bench 44 Rolling Work Bench 50 Rolling Work Bench 45 Rolling Work Bench 10357 Workbench DW730 Work Station 40 Rolling Work Bench GTA3800 Work Table GTA3800 Work Table GTA3800 Work Table 49 Rolling Work Bench 10307 Workbench 706101380 Work Bench 3115 XBench Portable Work Station 47 Rolling Work Bench 62 Rolling Work Bench 11327970 Bench Saw 8 in. Tilting Arbor 900288760 Portable Craft Center + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Worklight and Flashlight ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Worklight & Flashlight Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Popular Worklight & Flashlight Parts Your Price $5.37 In Stock Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight 4mm Ball PartSelect Number PS10116760 Manufacturer Part Number 02-02-1100 This is an authentic part which is sourced directly from the original equipment manufacturer for use with Milwaukee power tools. The 4mm ball is secured in the opening of a part allowing it to be secured. Over time it may wear out, get damaged or lost eventually requiring a replacement. Note, this high-quality 4mm ball is made of durable metal and is sold individually. Check the diagrams for your model to ensure the exact location and the correct application of this component. Your Price $47.83 In Stock Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Return Spring PartSelect Number PS10188991 Manufacturer Part Number N233943 The return spring applies tension on the connected components of the return device. Unfortunately, over time it may wear out, get damaged or lost eventually requiring a replacement. This part is sourced from the original equipment manufacturer. It is specially designed for use with DeWALT nailers. Please make sure to refer to the diagrams for your model for the correct location and application of this part. This high-quality return spring is made of durable metal and is sold individually. Your Price $6.94 In Stock Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Sa Charger, 150ma, Tenpao, Qu PartSelect Number PS18989414 Manufacturer Part Number 90627870-01 Your Price $23.61 In Stock Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Support Leg PartSelect Number PS17081865 Manufacturer Part Number 44-04-0105 Your Price $11.64 On Order Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Lens Kit PartSelect Number PS17081888 Manufacturer Part Number 44-06-0125 Your Price $12.43 On Order Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Lens Cover Assembly PartSelect Number PS17081884 Manufacturer Part Number 44-06-0102 Your Price $36.21 On Order Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Upr & Lwr Clamp Svc Kit Metal PartSelect Number PS17065429 Manufacturer Part Number 14-46-2131 Your Price $13.69 In Stock Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Switch Box Assy PartSelect Number PS17071250 Manufacturer Part Number 23-66-0063 Your Price $6.15 On Order Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Leg Support Pin PartSelect Number PS17082119 Manufacturer Part Number 44-60-1655 Your Price $19.60 In Stock Add to cart Worklight & Flashlight Battery Cover PartSelect Number PS17788505 Manufacturer Part Number N845725 Popular Worklight & Flashlight Models Below are the most popular Worklight & Flashlight models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 3450 Work Light DW074KD Rotary Laser DW908 18V Flashlight DW088K Self-Leveling Line Laser DML815 Worklight & Flashlight DCL079B Lamp BML185 18V LXT Lithium-Ion Rechargeable Flashlight DML815B 18v Lxt® Lithium-Ion Cordless L.E.D. Flashlight, Flashlight Only 111102 Wobblelight 36" DML801 18v Lxt Lithiumion Cordless 12 L.E.D. Flashlight FSL18 18 Volt Firestorm Light FSL18 18 Volt Firestorm Light DW919 18V Flex Floodlight DW087K Laser Line Generator ML900 Flashlight DML802 18v Lxt Lithiumion Cordless L.E.D. Flashlight DML185 18v Lxt Lithiumion Xenon Flashlight 2106 Milwaukee 2106-(J14a) Parts ML902 9.6V Flashlight 2107 Milwaukee 2107 Parts + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Workwear ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Workwear Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Popular Workwear Parts Your Price $22.60 On Order Add to cart Workwear Battery Holder PartSelect Number PS10130534 Manufacturer Part Number 43-72-1000 This is an authentic OEM part. This durable plastic battery holder was designed for use with Milwaukee heated jackets and hand warmers. The holder sits inside the designated pocket and houses the battery, allowing it to be plugged in and enabling the distribution of heat. One item is included per order. Please note that the battery is sold separately. Your Price $12.86 In Stock Add to cart Workwear Welt Hook PartSelect Number PS9030139 Manufacturer Part Number 544960702 Your Price $107.37 Special Order Add to cart Workwear 12v Li-ion 1.4 Ah Power Tool B PartSelect Number PS10133863 Manufacturer Part Number 48-11-2401 This is an authentic 12V Li-Ion replacement battery which is supplied directly from the original equipment manufacturer for use with Milwaukee equipment. It is designed to supply power to cordless tools or heated clothes, over time the battery will deteriorate and may begin to fail eventually requiring a replacement. Please note this high-quality component is sold individually, keep in mind the charger is sold separately. Your Price $68.57 Special Order Add to cart Workwear Battery Holder PartSelect Number PS10130535 Manufacturer Part Number 43-72-1025 This is an authentic Milwaukee replacement part, sourced from the original manufacturer for use with heated jackets. The special battery holder is used to house the battery used to power the jacket's heating elements. This battery holder is available as an individual replacement part. Your Price $8.92 Special Order Add to cart Workwear Front Piece PartSelect Number PS8998245 Manufacturer Part Number 504545201 Your Price $116.40 Special Order Add to cart Workwear 12v Li-ion Battery Charger PartSelect Number PS10133966 Manufacturer Part Number 48-59-2401 12V LITHIUM-ION Battery charger is a 30-Minute charger. Your Price $4.13 Special Order Add to cart Workwear Service Nameplate - Battery Ho PartSelect Number PS10119773 Manufacturer Part Number 12-20-2330 Popular Workwear Models Below are the most popular Workwear models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 2375 M12 Cordless Khaki Heated Hoodie Kit 2339XL M12 Heated Jacket 2395 M12 Cordless Black Heated Jacket Kit 2371 M12 Cordless Red Heated Hoodie Kit 2346 M12 Cordless High Visibility Heated Jacket 2340XL M12 Heated Jacket 2390 M12 Cordless Red Heated Jacket 2381 M12 Cordless Black Heated Hoodie Kit 2387 M12 Cordless Realtree Xtra Camo 3-in-1 Heated Jacket Kit 2346XL M12 Heated Jacket 2339S M12 Heated Jacket 2339M M12 Heated Jacket 2321-21 M12 Heated Hand Warmer 2340L M12 Heated Jacket 23422X M12 Heated Jacket 2342S M12 Heated Jacket 2322-20 M12 Heated Hand Warmer Black 2342XL M12 Heated Jacket 23402X M12 Heated Jacket 2340S M12 Heated Jacket + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Wrench ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Wrench Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Wrench Parts Your Price $8.32 On Order Add to cart Wrench Carbon Brush With Lead PartSelect Number PS10183918 Manufacturer Part Number 655213-02 Genuine DeWalt replacement part rnIncludes 1 Carbon Brush with wire lead in rubber sheath attached.rn • Worn brushes are often the cause of a poorly running motor • Replacing brushes can fix an intermittent motor • New brushes can restore a motor's electric braking Carbon motor brushes are one of the most commonly replaced power tool components. • Because carbon brushes are wear items, meaning that through friction and use they will gradually wear away, they will eventually require replacement. • Worn brushes are common causes of intermittent motor function, reduced electric braking, and reduced motor power. • A worn out brush will often be worn down near the wire lead and may be cracked, pitted, or burned. • When replacing carbon brushes, be sure to also inspect your armature for burns, cracks, or other damage which indicates a larger motor problem. Your Price $5.15 On Order Add to cart Wrench Spring PartSelect Number PS12527474 Manufacturer Part Number N437890 This is a spring designed to fit within the bit holder assembly of an impact driver, also known as an impact wrench. Positioned between the anvil and ring gear, this spring is accompanied by a washer and hog ring on each side to provide tension and maintain consistent pressure on the inserted bit within the holder. As a high-wear component, this spring will eventually wear out, resulting in a less secure grip on the bit by your driver and its hammer mechanism. This spring is equipped with a hook for secure attachment within the main housing. If the hook becomes damaged or misshapen, the entire spring will need replacement. To replace this spring, you will require a screwdriver and must partially disassemble the primary driver housing to access it. Your Price $5.83 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Friction Ring PartSelect Number PS11878417 Manufacturer Part Number 44-90-4530 This item is designed for use with Milwaukee impact wrenches. It is an authentic component which is supplied by the original equipment manufacturer. The friction ring is secured on the anvil and it helps to secure a socket. Over time it may wear out, get damaged or lost eventually requiring a replacement to ensure your tool functions properly. One durable metal friction ring is included. Check the owner's manual and the diagrams of your model for the exact location and the correct application of this component. Replacing it is a simple task that should only require a screwdriver and pliers. Your Price $19.67 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Motor Assembly PartSelect Number PS11877279 Manufacturer Part Number 23-30-0650 This is an authentic replacement part manufactured for use with Milwaukee ratchets. The motor assembly is used to power the ratchet and it the motor includes the gear that drives the planet gears. This motor assembly is available as an individual replacement part. Your Price $5.15 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Hog Ring PartSelect Number PS11927770 Manufacturer Part Number 608114-00 This is an authentic OEM replacement part used on Dewalt Impact Wrenches. This part is made out of Metal and it is Sold Individually. The Hog Ring sits on the end of Anvil. Screwdriver is needed for repair. Your Price $10.31 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Valve Seat PartSelect Number PS12096683 Manufacturer Part Number DG230-303 The valve seat goes between the housing assembly and the valve. This item is made out of plastic and is available individually. This is a genuine replacement part sourced from the original manufacturer for use with impact tools and impact wrenches made by Ingersoll Rand. When replacing this part an adjustable wrench might be required during the installation process. It will require replacing if it becomes broken. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Reverse Valve Knob PartSelect Number PS12094985 Manufacturer Part Number 131-666 This is a genuine OEM replacement part used with many impact wrenches. The reverse valve knob is fastened to the bushing in the motor housing assembly, assisting with the direction of the drill bit. This metal item is sold individually, and a hex key is often used for making the replacement. VIDEOS! Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Belt Hook PartSelect Number PS10189049 Manufacturer Part Number N268241 This is a genuine Dewalt replacement part, it is sold in individually with the mounting screw. The Dewalt Belt Hook is attached to the bottom of the handle assembly on the tool model numbers shown below. Its purpose is to hook the tool to your belt when not using the tool. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Brush Assembly PartSelect Number PS10122135 Manufacturer Part Number 22-18-0040 Genuine Milwaukee replacement part. This Brush is sold individually, most repair jobs will require Two (2) of this item. As pictured, this brush is ready to install and includes carbon brush, wire lead, and spring. Over time, brushes will wear down and eventually require replacement. Carbon motor brushes are one of the most commonly replaced power tool components. Because carbon brushes are wear items, meaning that through friction and use they will gradually wear away, they will eventually require replacement. Worn brushes are common causes of intermittent motor function, reduced electric braking, and reduced motor power. A worn out brush will often be worn down near the wire lead and may be cracked, pitted, or burned. When replacing carbon brushes, be sure to also inspect your armature for burns, cracks, or other damage which indicates a larger motor problem. Your Price $10.29 In Stock Add to cart Wrench Gasket PartSelect Number PS12095434 Manufacturer Part Number 230-36 Related Wrench Parts Wrench Hardware Wrench Springs and Shock Absorbers Wrench Brushes Wrench Seals and Gaskets Wrench Knobs Wrench Ducts and Vents Wrench Bearings Wrench Valves Wrench Transmissions and Clutches Wrench Tune Up Kits Wrench Filters Wrench Switches Wrench Engines Wrench Handles Wrench Motors Wrench Wire Plugs and Connectors Wrench Hoses and Tubes Back to Top Popular Wrench Models Below are the most popular Wrench models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 5 Strap Wrench 2 Strap Wrench 2150 Impact Wrench 231C Air Impact Wrench 2135TiMAX Air Impactool 245720 M12 3/8" Ratchet 232TGSL Air Impact Wrench 2145QiMAX Air Impact Tool 2235TiMAX Air Impact Tool W7250 Cordless Impact Wrench 25614 Impact Wrench 25614 Impact Wrench 285B Air Impact Wrench 14 Offset Wrench 14 Rapidgrip Wrench 14 Rapidgrip Wrench DCF899B 20v Max 1/2 Wrench DCF899B 20v Max 1/2 Wrench DCF899B Impact Wrench 2135PTiMAX Air Impact Tool + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Samsung ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Samsung Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Samsung Parts Your Price $19.89 Special Order Add to cart Samsung Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner - 3 Pack ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1960673 Manufacturer Part Number W10135699 Introduce your washing machine to the effective deep clean with the Affresh Washing Machine Cleaner by Whirlpool. Designed to remove and prevent unpleasant odors and stubborn residues, this product brings a refreshing touch to all brands of washing machines. Easy to use, simply add one tablet to an empty machine and run a hot water cycle. Each package contains three tablets, providing you with a monthly treatment for your machine. These powerful tablets are septic safe and impressively outperform bleach in cleaning efficacy. Choose Affresh for a long-lasting clean washer, and enjoy the quality assured by Whirlpool. Installation Instructions Mary from ROANOKE RAPID, NC Baker burner burned out. Unplug the stove from the electric. Took out two screws in oven, placed burner into oven into the open slops and replace the screws. Open back panel by removing two screws. Attach the two plugs to the burner and close back panel with the two screws. Plug-in stove and checked oven. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $8.52 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Door Mullion Spring ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 69 Reviews PartSelect Number PS4163672 Manufacturer Part Number DA81-01345B The French door divider spring fits most Samsung French door style refrigerators. The spring applies tension between components in the refrigerator, which engages and retracts the door flap. This will allow the door to close properly. If the spring is broken, damaged, or faulty the door flap will swing open and block the door from closing, and you should look to replace the part straight away to prevent further damage to the door. The spring is a genuine OEM part, is made of metal, and measures at 1 1/2" long. This part is also known as a refrigerator door mullion spring. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions HOLLIE from FORT WAYNE, IN Left side French Door flap on Samsung refrigerator didn't retract when closing. OMG seriously! I stopped into my go-to appliance repair shop to ask about what might be needed to repair the problem with my refrigerator door. They said you will need to replace the Mullion Flap piece. Cost would be $250-300 with part, labor and service. I went on line to see if I could handle the repair process myself. I found a How to - U Tube video and turns out I only needed to replace a little spring and pin not the whole Mullion Flap. Went to Parts select, ordered the spring and pin and did the repair myself in about 5 minutes. Shipping was $7 so I ended up paying $13 total. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $85.71 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Heating Element - 5300w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 20 Reviews PartSelect Number PS4205218 Manufacturer Part Number DC47-00019A This dryer heating element produces heat to dry clothes in a dryer and is located in the rear end. If the heater element is burned, dryer does not heat or over heats, or clothes take too long to dry, then replacing this part could solve your problem. The tools needed for this repair project are: Phillips screwdriver, putty knife, needle nose pliers. To repair, first remove the main top of dryer and remove ground strap at the rear. Next, disconnect two wire harnesses that hold front panel to the cabinet to pull out front panel. Once you have access to the inside of the dryer, refer to the manual for further installation instruction. As a safety precaution, remember to unplug appliance from power source before beginning this repair project. Fixes these symptoms Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Cynthia from JOHNSTOWN, NY Dryer wasn’t heating Well it went really well until the dryer was put back together as it still didn’t heat. The dryer was taken apart again. This time the thermistors &fuse was tested. Alas, the new fuse was faulty. After putting the car lid fuse back on n, the dryer worked again Read more... Your Price $120.73 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Ice Maker Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 13 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12115595 Manufacturer Part Number DA97-15217D The ice maker assembly contains the complete ice maker and housing. The assembly may include multiple parts; refer to your parts diagram for a complete list of parts included. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker dispenses too little ice Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice See more... Installation Instructions larry from RICHLAND, WA Ice maker freezing over, causing ice to get stuck Replaced parts, as ordered - very simple. Watched the video before hand. Found that existing assembly did not have the "Y" clip installed. Been making ice for three weeks with no freezing up (yet) - time will tell. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $54.95 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Drum Support Roller & Axle ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 11 Reviews PartSelect Number PS4221885 Manufacturer Part Number DC97-16782A The drum support roller and axle, which includes the roller shaft and mounting clips, is used in dryers. This part holds the drum as it rotates on the support wheels. When the roller begins to wear out, it self lubricates, so no additional grease is needed. If your dryer is making odd noises then checking and replacing the rollers can be the solution to your problem. Make sure to unplug the dryer from the power source before beginning this replacement. Refer to the diagram and installation instructions provided by manufacturer. Sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Tad from MINOT AFB, ND Loud noise like boots being ran through the dryer YouTube, YouTube, YouTube. I YouTubed many videos on how to take a dryer apart to reach the drum support roller and axle. After watching numerous videos, I settled on one that had my exact model of dryer. For my dryer, previous inputs said I needed two rollers to for my model. That is not the case. My model actually has 4 rollers, 2 in the front and two in the back. I ordered 2 initially but only needed 1 thankfully since only one roller was bad. Keep it simple stupid is how I got it done. Dryer's are pretty simple machines mechanically. Don't trash your noisy dryer. We bought ours in 2014 and it only recently started giving us issues. This is after 2 moves and being run daily for a family of 6. I'm glad I found partselect.com. They saved me a ton of money. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.85 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Dryer Radiant Flame Sensor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741429 Manufacturer Part Number WP338906 If your gas dryer is not heating up or igniting, then replacing the flame sensor, located in the burner assembly, could solve it. This part senses heat from the igniter to monitor if it is hot enough to ignite gas to light the burner. Once the igniter is hot enough it will open the valve and allow gas to flow. This is a safety mechanism to prevent dangerous levels of gas from building up. To repair, the main top of the dryer should be lifted, as well as the front panel to access the component. This flame sensor assembly is made of both plastic and metal. Fixes these symptoms Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kirkwood, MO Gas Dryer would not ignite 1. Removed lint screen and holder frame. Unplugged the electrical cord and closed the gas valve in the line before it goes into the dryer. 2. Removed two bolts at bottom front of machine and took off the bottom front panel. 3. Removed three bolts from black plastic exit vent and took it out to give more room to access everything. 4. removed two wires and screws on the limit thermostat. Did the reverse to place the new one. 5. Removed wires (remembering placement), then holder screw. rotated the Gas Dryer Sensor counter clockwise to release the bottom tab so the sensor can be taken off the flame tube. Did the reverse to place the new one on. 6. Removed the one screw on the gas/flame tube that holds the bracket and igniter inside the flame tube. Removed the wires fro the igniter (remember placement) Slid the whole assembly toward the back of the machine to get the tube off the gas valve then rotated the whole assembly counter-clocwise to release the tab on the left side of the bracket. This was a little tight and had to work with it a bit to get the tab out and slide the whole piece out of the flame tube. 7. Once the tube and igniter were out i removed the scree that holds the igniter and replaced with the new one. Made sure no dust, etc. was in the piece. 8. Did the reverse to place the tube/igniter back into the flame tube. 9. Carefully and forcefully removed the wire connectors to the two coils. These were tough to get off. Removed the two screws that hold the bracket that holds the two coils in place. Slid the coils off the spindles remembering which one has the two wire connection and which one has the three wire connection and the way they went on. Replaced the old with the new. Placed the bracket onto the new coils and made sure the little bumps on the top are in the holes in the bracket. Tightened the screws to hold the coil bracket. Reattached the wire connectors to the coils making sure they go ALL the way back on. 10. Vaccumed everything I could to get lint, dust, etc. out. 11.Replaced the black vent plastic. 12 Made sure the exit vent on the back was not crimped or clogged. Checked the little flap door where the vent goes outside to make sure it opens and closes super easy to no air flow is restricted. 13. For testing I left the bottom panel open. Make sure you closed the door, reconnect the plug and turn the gas valve back on. Hit the go button on autodry or timed dry. The door must be closed to create the closed circulation of the system so the fan sucks the flame into the tube otherwise the flame will not fire deep into the tube and will set off one fo the overheat sensors. After hitting the go button your drum will start to rotate, then a few seconds later you'll hear a click and your igniter will start to burn bright orange. Another click and the gas should flow and ignite. 14. This shows that you've fixed the ignition problem. I just replaced everything I thought that could be wrong in stead of hunting and trial and error. All the parts were about $137 so I thought it was worth making sure. 15. IMPORTANT: If during your test the flame turns off after a little while then turns back on only to turn off again, don't panic. This happened to me as well. I found that you need to run the dryer with wet clothes in the dryer. The wetness in the clothes will keep the autodry sensor from shutting off the dryer since there will be moisture in the exhaust. If it's on timed dry the wet clothes will cool the exhaust air and keep the overheat sensors from turning the heat off. So no heating of dry clothes to get out wrinkles. Just dry the wet clothes. This is all I did and it's been working great so far. Good Luck! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $41.83 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Long Oven Sensor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 38 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1570174 Manufacturer Part Number 12001656 This long oven sensor is also commonly known as a temperature sensor. It is designed for use with ovens and ranges. It is similar to a thermostat; it measures and regulates the internal temperature of your oven cavity. There is an adapter at one end, a probe at the other, and they are connected by an insulated wire. The probe is approximately 7 inches long. You can test the sensor with a multi-meter for functionality. You need to check the model-specific manual to determine what the proper resistance is for your specific appliance. This oven sensor comes with two wire harness adapters and a set of instructions. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open after self cleaning cycle Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking See more... Installation Instructions David from Westford, MA Oven not holding 350 F, when cooling the coils did not reheat Removed the oven door by opening slightly, then pic door up to remove. Remove 2 screws holding oven sensor in place, gently pull on sensor to remove, had to remove about 8 inches to get at plastic connector. Unplug connector, had to use an adapter cable supplied with the PartSelect kit to install new sensor, push cable back into opening, reinstall 2 screws. The oven works fine! Note that due to thermal lag the temperature overshoots to 370 degrees and undershoots to 340 degrees, this appears to be normal oven operation. Putting door back in place was easy. Read more... Your Price $88.95 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Suspension Spring PartSelect Number PS12720841 Manufacturer Part Number DC97-16350U THIS IS A SINGLE SHOCK, NOT A SET Fixes these symptoms Shaking and Moving Spinning Issues See more... VIDEOS! Your Price $55.79 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Drive Belt ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 23 Reviews PartSelect Number PS4133825 Manufacturer Part Number 6602-001655 The drum belt attaches to the motor pulley and causes the drum to spin as the motor is rotating. The drum belt is made of black rubber. This is an easy repair and should only take a few minutes. This goes between the drive motor and the dryer drum. The belt may have broken, which will cause the drum to not turn properly. You will need to pull your dryer away from the wall and use your Phillips screwdriver to remove the screws on the back. This is an OEM product, shipped directly from the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy Won’t Start See more... Installation Instructions Christopher from SUGARLOAF, CA The dryer turned on but the drum did not move when you pressed start even though It started it cycles. I YouTube it and there’s a step by step process on how to do it, took maybe 30 mins. If I can so can you Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $56.95 In Stock Add to cart Samsung Idler Pulley Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 31 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11771601 Manufacturer Part Number DC93-00634A This idler pulley assembly is sourced from the original manufacturer for use in dryers. The assembly includes the pulley wheel and bracket. It is found near the motor where it provides tension to the dryer belt, allowing it to rotate the drum during the drying cycle. Over time, the pulley wheel and its bearings can wear out leading to squeaking and grinding noises when the drum rotates. The bracket or pulley wheel can also fall out of alignment which can damage the belt and cause it to slip off. Eventually, a faulty idler pulley assembly will prevent the drum from rotating altogether. Depending on your dryer model, you may need to disassemble the dryer to access the pulley assembly. Remove the dryer belt from the idler pulley wheel and detach the assembly from the dryer frame. Position the new assembly in its place and secure it in position. Thread the belt over the pulley and around the dryer drum, ensuring that the grooved side lays flat against the drum. Manually spin the drum to check that the belt is properly tensioned and reassemble your appliance. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Noisy Won’t Start See more... Installation Instructions Vicky from BLOOMSBURY, NJ Belt fell off because of belt roller on the tensioner melted, ciezed and fell off Watched a video on utube, how to repair my 16 month old steam dryer. The hardest part was laying on my belly holding the spring loaded tensioner and slipping the belt on around the blower housing. Only cost me $23. Winning! Read more... Samsung Appliance Types Samsung Oven Parts Samsung Stove Parts Samsung Air Conditioner Parts Samsung Cooktop Parts Samsung Dishwasher Parts Samsung Dryer Parts Samsung Freezer Parts Samsung Microwave Oven Combo Parts Samsung Microwave Parts Samsung Range Parts Samsung Refrigerator Parts Samsung Washer Parts Samsung Fridge Parts Back to Top Popular Samsung Models Below are the most popular Samsung models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? RF4287HARS REFRIGERATOR RF4287HARS REFRIGERATOR RF4287HARS Samsung Rf4287hars/Xaa-03 Refrigerator RF4287HARS Samsung Rf4287hars/Xaa-02 Refrigerator RF4287HARS 28 Cu. Ft. French Door Refrigerator Stainless Steel - Rf4287 RF4287HARS 28 Cu. Ft. French Door Refrigerator Stainless Steel - Rf4287 RF4287HARS Refrigerator RF4287HARS REFRIGERATOR RF4287HARS Samsung Rf4287hars/Xaa-01 Refrigerator RF4287HARS Samsung Rf4287hars/Xaa-00 Refrigerator RF4287HARS REFRIGERATOR NX58H5600SS Samsung Nx58h5600ss/Aa-01 Gas Range NX58H5600SS Gas Range NX58H5600SS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Self-Cleaning Freestanding Gas Convection Range NX58H5600SS Samsung Nx58h5600ss/Aa-00 Gas Range NX58H5600SS GAS RANGE NX58H5600SS GAS RANGE NX58H5600SS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Self-Cleanin Gas Convection Range NX58H5600SS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Self-Cleaning Freestanding Gas Convection Range NX58H5600SS 5.8 Cu. Ft. Self-Cleanin Gas Convection Range + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Toro ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Toro Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Toro Parts Your Price $7.30 Special Order Add to cart Toro Air Cleaner Element PartSelect Number PS9903219 Manufacturer Part Number 17211-ZL8-023 This air cleaner element, also known as an air filter, is found in your lawn equipment. Typically housed in a rectangular container, it is located near the air intake area or carburetor of your machine. It keeps dust, dirt, and debris from entering the combustion chamber. If it is clogged, the restricted airflow will make the engine misfire or run poorly, and potentially cause an engine failure. To replace the element, you will need to remove its housing cover by unscrewing or unclipping it. This OEM-certified filter is sold individually. Your Price $21.52 In Stock Add to cart Toro Lawn Mower Mulching Blade (22-in) ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS11804777 Manufacturer Part Number 131-4547-03 This is a genuine OEM replacement blade for use on Lawn Mowers. If the blade is too dull it will tear the grass instead of an even cut. A bent or damaged blade can cause serious damage or injuries. You can use this blade with the Recycler Cutting System to chop grass clippings into fine mulch particles and return them to the ground. Your Price $15.39 In Stock Add to cart Toro V-belt PartSelect Number PS11804555 Manufacturer Part Number 121-5765 This is an authentic replacement part manufactured for use with Toro lawnmowers. This belt is the upper belt off the engine pulley. The goes from the engine drive shaft pulley to the deck and drives the deck belt. This is not the deck or traction belt. This belt is sold individually, please see model diagram for additional parts or other belts. Your Price $5.16 Special Order Add to cart Toro Carburetor Gasket PartSelect Number PS9899150 Manufacturer Part Number 16228-ZL8-000 Your Price $19.65 On Order Add to cart Toro Height Guide Assembly Metric PartSelect Number PS16666196 Manufacturer Part Number 144-4805 Discover the power of top-quality, genuine Toro parts with this Height Guide Assembly. A perfect match for your Toro equipment, it is specifically designed to provide optimal functionality for a heightened equipment performance. Its precise metric measurements ensure a seamless fit, resulting in increased performance and efficiency. Made with the exceptional craftsmanship Toro is known for, it assures long-lasting durability and heightened wear and tear resistance making it a wise investment for those looking to enhance their equipment's longevity. Invest in Toro's Height Guide Assembly today for a more efficient and effective performance every time. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Toro Nut-flglk 5/16-18 PartSelect Number PS9092936 Manufacturer Part Number 712-04063 This nut is a manufacturer-approved replacement part for various lawn and garden equipment. It is sold individually, not as part of a kit or assembly. Also referred to as a Lock Nut, it is resistant to loosening when threaded on a bolt. It has a variety of applications and is used in multiple locations on most models. Please refer to your owners manual to determine the exact location. While made of durable metal, the ends can round off from improper use of a wrench or socket. Depending on the location, this part may also become worn through regular use of your machine. It should be replaced when visibly cracked, worn or damaged. To complete this repair, you will need a wrench or socket, and a torque wrench. Ensure you torque the bolt according to the manufacturer recommendations. Customers rate this repair as Easy. Your Price $5.16 Special Order Add to cart Toro Lawn Mower Carburetor Gasket PartSelect Number PS9899099 Manufacturer Part Number 16221-883-800 Your Price $7.88 In Stock Add to cart Toro Engine Oil Seal ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9151828 Manufacturer Part Number 795387 This OEM Seal-Oil (PTO Side), also called the Oil Seal, is a Black, Nitrile Rubber, 2/14 O.D., individually sold part which is installed using a Seal Puller. Customers rate the installation difficulty as Medium. This part provides a seal around the crank shaft and engine block. When installing onto the engine block around the crank shaft, use something that makes contact around the entire seal, like a large socket or pipe, and tap into place evenly, ensuring that the housing is clean and dry. If the part is broken, likely due to fatigue, there will be leaking oil, and this part should be replaced using the model number on the original part to confirm it is the right fit for your model. Installation Instructions rodney from MUSCATINE, IA governor not working Had to pull the engine off the rider mower. Drained the oil took shield off the flywheel. Set it upside down on a 5 gal bucket. Took a 7/16 hand wrench to remove governor lever from bottom of engine. Left it in its location. Pulled 10 1/2 " bolts. Split engine case. Found the old governor had broke into pieces. Had to use a magnet to remove all the pieces. Removed the small clip and removed gear. Lubed shaft slid new on put new clip on. Lined governor weights with center piece tapped it in place very lightly. Cleaned gasket flanges pulled the shaft seal. Used the old seal as a seal driver. When putting the cover back on make sure the seal dont roll out. Take a mini screwdriver and tuck it in around shaft. Put bolts back in and tighten like instructions Read more... Your Price $37.99 In Stock Add to cart Toro Lawn Mower Cable Traction ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS8850145 Manufacturer Part Number 119-2379 This cable-traction is sourced directly from the original equipment manufacturer. It is specially designed for use with Toro lawn mowers. The traction cable engages drive wheels on the equipment. Over time it may wear out or get damaged eventually requiring a replacement. It is connected to the bail and then attached to the traction bracket near the transmission. Refer to the owners manual and the appropriate diagrams of your model for the exact location and the correct installation. One durable rubber insulated cable is included. You may need pliers and a wrench set to disconnect the old part and attach the new one. Installation Instructions Donald from MARION, IA drive cable broke removed the broken cable and installed the new cable, Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Toro Spark Plug ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS10036941 Manufacturer Part Number 98079-55846 This is a genuine Honda replacement spark plug. It is sourced directly from original equipment manufacturer and it is sold individually. It is designed to ignite the air fuel mixture by the spark. If spark plugs are not checked with regular services, cleaned or changed when necessary, they can cause problems to occur with the engine. Replacing it you should only need a spark plug socket. Related Toro Parts Toro Aerator Parts Toro Auger Parts Toro Brush CutterParts Toro Chainsaw Parts Toro Chipper Shredder Parts Toro Cultivator Parts Toro Dethatcher Parts Toro Edger Parts Toro EngineParts Toro GeneratorParts Toro Hedge Trimmer Parts Toro Lawn Mower Parts Toro Lawn Tractor Accessories Parts Toro Lawn Tractor Parts Toro Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Toro Log Splitter Parts Toro Power Broom Parts Toro Seeder Parts Toro Small Engine Parts Toro Snow Blower Parts Toro Sprayer Parts Toro Spreader Parts Toro Stump Grinder Parts Toro Tiller Parts Toro TrimmerParts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved.

=== Brand: Craftsman ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Craftsman Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Craftsman Parts Your Price $46.33 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Lawn Tractor Mandrel Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12087499 Manufacturer Part Number 587819701 Your Price $9.50 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Lawn Mower Flange Wheel Bearing ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9006914 Manufacturer Part Number 532009040 The OEM bearing, also known as the flange bearing, is silver, made of metal, and sold individually. It is used on riding mowers to secure the wheel in place and allow it to rotate freely on the shaft. Over time, the part may become worn and damaged, which you will notice if you experience a squealing or grinding sound from the wheel in question, or you notice the wheel is sloppy on the shaft. You will need a hammer and punch to complete this repair, which most of our customers rated as easy. Make sure you tap the new bearing into place evenly inside the tire rim. Installation Instructions robert from EUREKA, CA transaxle rotated forward on 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS. Both transaxle support struts broke causing the transaxle rotated forward and shear transaxle mounting bracket. The transaxle was not damaged. All 3 parts required replacement. There are some good youtube videos to watch to show how to complete the repair. HINT: I removed the mower deck and placed jack stands under the frame to support the rear end of the mower. I then supported the transaxle with a floor jack. This worked great for positioning/aligning the transaxle up to the frame after the new mounting bracket was installed. HINT: Due to the shearing of the transaxle mounting bracket, it was difficult to get a socket to seat correctly on the some of the nuts securing the transaxle to the mounting bracket. I highly recommend getting 4 new nuts because you will likely damage/strip the nut while removing it. HINT: The youtube videos all show removing the rear tires. The rear tires can be difficult to remove; and there are some interesting youtube videos on removing stuck rear tires. If you have a stuck rear tire, you can complete the repair with the tires on; it is just a bit more challenging to squeeze your hands behind the tire to reach the bolts. I was able to only get one tire off. HINT: If I wasn't able to do the repair with the rear tire on, my idea for getting the rear tire off was to fabricate a bracket that would work with a gear puller. The plan was to utilize the two symmetrical 1/4 inch-ish size holes in the rim to install 12" long bolts. I would then install a C-channel over the bolts, which would place the C-channel directly over the axle. I would then drill a hold in the C-channel for the gear puller bolt to go through. The shoulders of the gear puller bracket would then push against the c-channel. I was planning on using a few large fender washers on the back side of the rim to help prevent the rim from getting damaged when pulling the tire. You will be pulling the rim about 3 inches to get it off the axle. HINT: It look four hours to repair plus another half hour of watching youtube videos; probably would have taken two hours if I didn't spend two hours trying to take off one of the rear tires that was stuck. HINT: Since I was working under the mower, I also replaced the drive (motion) belt as preventative maintenance. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $5.19 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Carbon Brush PartSelect Number PS10188358 Manufacturer Part Number N097696 Genuine Dewalt replacement part This brush is sold individually, 2 are needed for the tools shown below It is always best to replace both brushes, even if only one is worn. Worn brushes frequently are the cause behind a motor running poorly. Replacing brushes can fix a motor that's operating intermittently. New brushes can restore a motor's electric braking. Carbon brushes are one of the most commonly replaced power tool parts. This is because carbon brushes are wear items, meaning that through friction and use they will gradually wear away until they need replacing. Worn brushes are a common causes of intermittent motor function, reduced electric braking and reduced motor power. A worn-out brush will often be worn down near to the wire lead and can be cracked, pitted, or burned. When replacing carbon brushes, be sure to inspect your armature for burns, cracks, or other damage which can indicate larger motor problems. Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Lawn Mower Ring Clip ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9143890 Manufacturer Part Number 812000029 The Ring Klip Number T5304-75, also known simply as a ring clip, is an OEM part designed to secure your mower wheel to its axle. This part is black, made of metal, and around an inch in length. It is sold individually and may become damaged over time due to wear and fatigue. Installation Instructions Anthony from OLIVEHILL, TN Wheel bushings were bad Removed old clip removed rim from tractor, removed grease fitting on rim, took hammer and screw driver knocked out old bushing turned rim over knocked out other bushing. Press in new bushings reinstalled grease fitting slide tire back on tractor, put retaining washers on then locking clip put on dust cover grease at grease fitting. Repeat other side. Read more... Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Engine Fuel Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9285148 Manufacturer Part Number 530095646 This Genuine OEM fuel filter is designed to maintain the performance and longevity of your equipment by preventing dirt and debris from entering the carburetor. Located inside the fuel tank, this essential component ensures clean fuel delivery, protecting the engine from potential damage caused by contaminants. Sold individually, the filter is built to meet original equipment standards for fit and function. Over time, the filter may become clogged, restricting fuel flow and making engine starts more difficult. For optimal performance, it should be replaced—not cleaned—at the first sign of blockage or wear. Fixes these symptoms Engine stops after a few seconds or minutes Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Mark from LYNDONVILLE, NY Deterioration of fuel line system Removed the top cover (T25 torx), and side cover (T25 torx) with recoil starter. Drained all fuel, and removed all pieces of fuel old fuel line and the weighted filter from inside the tank by shaking out and the (long forceps). A spot headlamp makes it easier to see inside the tank for much of the procedure. Remove the foam filter to find the two 8mm nuts and remove the air filter housing and carburetor (nut driver, 8mm socket) the choke lever slides out of its slot with some wiggling and moving the carb back off the mounting studs. Leave the throttle cable attached to the filter housing and move both assemblies out of the way to access the top wall of the fuel tank. There is a cover over the carb adjust screws that wiggles out also. The fuel line and purge line both pass through the wall of the tank and need to be pulled out with some effort (long curved forceps) from inside the tank through the fuel fill port. They are a tight fit. Pay attention to the lines size and location. Large line is in the position away from the recoil starter with the little plastic fitting hanging near the top of the tank. The smaller line is closest to the recoil starter. Both new lines will need to pass through the tank wall (this is the most difficult part). To facilitate the initial entry through the wall of the tank, cut a tapered end on your new lines. Use a very slippery lube to coat the end of the line and push it into the tank as far as you can from the top (forceps or soft grip pliers) help. Look inside the tank and pull the lines through fully out of the tank fill (long curved forceps and head spot light). Don't pull all the way through the fuel fill, just enough to install the new fuel line fitting in the return purge line and the new weighted filter on the fuel line and pull the lines back inside the tank. The return line with fitting close to the top of the tank and the filter hanging so it lays at the bottom of the tank, and able to swing around so it keeps contact with fuel at all times. Remove the old purge/primer bulb two screws (Phillips). The short stem is suction, long stem is pressure. Don't mix them up and connect lines backwards, don't ask me how I know! Lol! If you have such a saw like mine, that has no fuel lines intact, it is difficult to vision the line routes. There are helpful schematics on the internet. Just remember that the purge bulb long fuel stem sends pressure back to the tank through the return line (larger line in the tank with the line fitting away from the recoil). That line can now be cut to length and pushed on the bulb long stem. The suction side of the bulb short stem, connects to the purge line on the side of the carburetor (short line). You need to cut that line to the same length as the old one. It has to curve twice to get to the suction side of the purge bulb without kinking. The only other line left is the fuel line with the filter attached hanging inside the tank. Be sure you have the filter able to lay on the floor of the tank and move around. That line connects to the carburetor opposit side from the purge bulb. Dont cut that one until the carb is installed for proper length. The fuel routes from that filtered line into the carb, then out of the carb to the purge bulb suction side, then out to the return line in the tank with the fitting end. That fitting installed into the line serves only to keep the line from pulling back out of the tank, nothing attaches to it. Make sure all lines are clear of the mounting area of the carb, and throttle function. Pass the bulb lines through the slot in the side of the case being sure the lines don't kink. Secure the bulb with the two phillips screws. Position the carb on the studs and slide the choke lever into its place in the case as you go. Place the filter housing on the studs and push the carb and housing down watching the fuel lines for any kinks, especially where the throttle cable is in close proximity to the short carb purge line. Check the throttle function for interferance, and Install the two 8mm nuts. Now route the fuel line around the throttle mechanism out of the way, hold it to the barb on the side of the carb and cut it to length and install. Put some fuel mix in the tank (dont fill it) to test. Press the primer bulb, tilting the saw with fill cap removed, and see if anything leaks, also watch fuel flow back to the tank inside as you press the bulb. You should see fuel and air bubbles from the purge line. When all air bubbles are gone the system is purged. Install the new foam filter in the housing and then the top and side cases. I did not reinstall the cover of the carb adjust needle screws so I could adjust the fuel/ air mixture to run at peak performance. Hope this helps! The kit that I got was perfect and there are some useful instructions included. Thank you! Respectfully Mark Read more... Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Brush Box Asm PartSelect Number PS12522639 Manufacturer Part Number N292059 This is a brush box assembly designed for various sander models. Brush boxes are essential components that house carbon brushes responsible for transferring electricity from the motor to the sanding pad. When the carbon brush assembly wears out, it can no longer efficiently transfer electricity, causing the sander to stop working. This brush box assembly includes the carbon brush, its housing, and the necessary wiring. Replacing the brush box assembly is a straightforward process, requiring only a screwdriver and a set of pliers. Begin by disconnecting your sander from its power source, whether it is a battery or a wall outlet. Next, remove the screws securing the main housing of the sander and locate the brushes inside. Use a set of pliers to disconnect the wire from the old brush and a flat-head screwdriver to lift the old brush out of its slot. Insert the new brush box assembly into the slot and connect its wires. Finally, reattach the sander outer housing and secure it with the screws. Your Price $19.54 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Lawn Mower Blade Hi Lift ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS9017804 Manufacturer Part Number 532405380 Your Price $6.40 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Cover Spool ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS18981315 Manufacturer Part Number 385022-03N This cover is designed for use with trimmers and edgers and is a genuine OEM part. Made of plastic, this cover is used to hold and secure the spool or line within the trimmer cutter head assembly. If the cover for your trimmer is broken or damaged and cannot contain the spool or line, the cover needs to be replaced immediately. To replace the cover, push in the upper slots on the cover, which will disconnect and release it from the rest of the assembly. Your Price $7.19 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Lawn Mower Wheel PartSelect Number PS12630280 Manufacturer Part Number 589527301 This genuine Craftsman hex gauge wheel is a replacement part sourced directly from the original manufacturer and is designed for use with riding lawn mowers. It attaches to the mower’s deck assembly and helps support the deck while providing traction, preventing it from making direct contact with the ground during operation. This helps maintain an even cut and protects both the deck and the lawn. The gauge wheel is sold individually, so be sure to check your model’s specifications to determine the quantity needed. Installation Instructions robert from EUREKA, CA transaxle rotated forward on 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS. Both transaxle support struts broke causing the transaxle rotated forward and shear transaxle mounting bracket. The transaxle was not damaged. All 3 parts required replacement. There are some good youtube videos to watch to show how to complete the repair. HINT: I removed the mower deck and placed jack stands under the frame to support the rear end of the mower. I then supported the transaxle with a floor jack. This worked great for positioning/aligning the transaxle up to the frame after the new mounting bracket was installed. HINT: Due to the shearing of the transaxle mounting bracket, it was difficult to get a socket to seat correctly on the some of the nuts securing the transaxle to the mounting bracket. I highly recommend getting 4 new nuts because you will likely damage/strip the nut while removing it. HINT: The youtube videos all show removing the rear tires. The rear tires can be difficult to remove; and there are some interesting youtube videos on removing stuck rear tires. If you have a stuck rear tire, you can complete the repair with the tires on; it is just a bit more challenging to squeeze your hands behind the tire to reach the bolts. I was able to only get one tire off. HINT: If I wasn't able to do the repair with the rear tire on, my idea for getting the rear tire off was to fabricate a bracket that would work with a gear puller. The plan was to utilize the two symmetrical 1/4 inch-ish size holes in the rim to install 12" long bolts. I would then install a C-channel over the bolts, which would place the C-channel directly over the axle. I would then drill a hold in the C-channel for the gear puller bolt to go through. The shoulders of the gear puller bracket would then push against the c-channel. I was planning on using a few large fender washers on the back side of the rim to help prevent the rim from getting damaged when pulling the tire. You will be pulling the rim about 3 inches to get it off the axle. HINT: It look four hours to repair plus another half hour of watching youtube videos; probably would have taken two hours if I didn't spend two hours trying to take off one of the rear tires that was stuck. HINT: Since I was working under the mower, I also replaced the drive (motion) belt as preventative maintenance. Read more... Your Price $4.13 In Stock Add to cart Craftsman Shoulder Bolt PartSelect Number PS17089372 Manufacturer Part Number 596434404 This is a genuine Husqvarna replacement part sourced directly from original equipment manufacturer for use with lawn mowers/tractors. It is commonly used in riding mowers to keep the gauge wheel in place. This is a hex head bolt which requires a wrench for installation. It is sold individually. Installation Instructions robert from EUREKA, CA transaxle rotated forward on 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS 2015 Husqvarna YT42DXLS. Both transaxle support struts broke causing the transaxle rotated forward and shear transaxle mounting bracket. The transaxle was not damaged. All 3 parts required replacement. There are some good youtube videos to watch to show how to complete the repair. HINT: I removed the mower deck and placed jack stands under the frame to support the rear end of the mower. I then supported the transaxle with a floor jack. This worked great for positioning/aligning the transaxle up to the frame after the new mounting bracket was installed. HINT: Due to the shearing of the transaxle mounting bracket, it was difficult to get a socket to seat correctly on the some of the nuts securing the transaxle to the mounting bracket. I highly recommend getting 4 new nuts because you will likely damage/strip the nut while removing it. HINT: The youtube videos all show removing the rear tires. The rear tires can be difficult to remove; and there are some interesting youtube videos on removing stuck rear tires. If you have a stuck rear tire, you can complete the repair with the tires on; it is just a bit more challenging to squeeze your hands behind the tire to reach the bolts. I was able to only get one tire off. HINT: If I wasn't able to do the repair with the rear tire on, my idea for getting the rear tire off was to fabricate a bracket that would work with a gear puller. The plan was to utilize the two symmetrical 1/4 inch-ish size holes in the rim to install 12" long bolts. I would then install a C-channel over the bolts, which would place the C-channel directly over the axle. I would then drill a hold in the C-channel for the gear puller bolt to go through. The shoulders of the gear puller bracket would then push against the c-channel. I was planning on using a few large fender washers on the back side of the rim to help prevent the rim from getting damaged when pulling the tire. You will be pulling the rim about 3 inches to get it off the axle. HINT: It look four hours to repair plus another half hour of watching youtube videos; probably would have taken two hours if I didn't spend two hours trying to take off one of the rear tires that was stuck. HINT: Since I was working under the mower, I also replaced the drive (motion) belt as preventative maintenance. Read more... Related Craftsman Parts Craftsman AugerParts Craftsman Chainsaw Parts Craftsman Chipper Shredder Parts Craftsman Cultivator Parts Craftsman DethatcherParts Craftsman Edger Parts Craftsman EngineParts Craftsman GeneratorParts Craftsman Hedge Trimmer Parts Craftsman Lawn Mower Parts Craftsman Lawn Tractor AccessoriesParts Craftsman Lawn Tractor Parts Craftsman Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Craftsman Log Splitter Parts Craftsman NailerParts Craftsman Paint SprayerParts Craftsman Planer JointerParts Craftsman Pressure WasherParts Craftsman Small Engine Parts Craftsman Snow Blower Parts Craftsman SpreaderParts Craftsman Tiller Parts Craftsman TrimmerParts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Amana ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Amana Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Amana Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $33.48 In Stock Add to cart Amana Lower Dishrack Wheel ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 404 Reviews PartSelect Number PS3406971 Manufacturer Part Number W10195416 This OEM gray Dishwasher Lower Dishrack Wheel Assembly is a plastic kit that allows the rack to slide in and out of the dishwasher easily. If it breaks or becomes damaged. sliding will feel difficult. This can happen due to normal wear and tear, and the part should be replaced if this occurs. Check your model number and user manual to make sure this part is correct. It attaches directly to the dishrack. To repair, open the dishwasher door and pull out the lower dishrack. Next, push the tab from both sides and it should pop out. To install the new wheel assembly, place it on the rack and make sure the caps overlap the wire from the inside before you clip it in place by pushing the wheel. It measures roughly 3x6 inches. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Thomas from WEST OLIVE, MI Broken wheel unit on the bottom dish rack All you do is pop out the old wheel unit at two (2) points on the plastic wheel housing and pop in the new one. Easy fix. Less than a 5 minute fix. Read more... Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Amana Multi Rib Belt - 92-1/4" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 429 Reviews PartSelect Number PS346995 Manufacturer Part Number 341241 This dryer drum belt (Whirlpool Dryer Belt, Drive Belt) has four ridges, three grooves and is 1/4" wide, and 92 1/4 inches in length. It comes in black and is made of rubber. The belt transfers the rotation of the motor to turn the drum. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Ray from Denton, TX Dryer tub belt broke Removed the two screws that attatch the lent channel to the top of the dryer, then lifted the top of the dryer by pushing in on the two locking tabs located at the front , left and right , corners of the dryer top with a small flat head screw driver. The top of the dryer will fold back out of the way. At this point I removed the two 1/4 inch screws that are located on the inside of the dryer front left and right corners that hold the front panel/door to the two side panels. Now I was able to lift the front panel up and set it to the side. The bottom of the front panel that contains the dryer door that I just removed was held on the bottom by two clips that slide into slots on the front panel and did not require any removal to disconnect the bottom of the front panel, just pull up on the front panel. Since the tub was held in place by floating on a seal at the back of the dryer and a seal on the front panel , which I just removed the tub is now free floating except for the two alignment roller wheels at the bottom of the tub. It is easier if you lay the dryer on its back at this point with front of the tub pointing up. I pulled the tub out and cleaned the years of built up lent and removed all the pieces of the old , destroyed, belt. Note, the belt tentioner is located at the front of the motor which on the bottom right hand side. If your belt is broke like mine the tensioner may/will fall to the back of the dryer when you tilt it back, but do not worry. Once the dryer was cleaned up I put the tub back in place , still on its back and made sure the two alignment rollers were in place and rolled freely when the tub was turned by hand. Another note, my original belt tensioner did not have a rolling wheel that the belt rode on , but was a semi-circle smooth surface that the belt remained in constant friction with when the dyer was running, so I made sure the replacement tensioner I ordered with my new belt did have a rolling wheel that the belt would ride on, which I believe will reduce wear and extend the belt life. The new belt came with a diagram of the belt and tensioner routing which was helpful. Note: do not take the tensioner wheel off/apart when trying to route the belt. Follow the instructions routing diagram. The tensioner is held in palce by inserting the bottom back half into the slot in the bottom floor of the dryer making sure it is aligned with the belt pully on the shaft of the dryer motor. The dryer is still on its back side. Now, it was easier for me to route the belt around the center of the tub, following the marks from the original belt, and hold in in place in a few spots with masking tape and then route it thru the tensioner and onto the front pully of the motor. Make sure you have the grooves of the belt against the tub and the grooves are aligned with the pully on the motor. Now you can remove the masking tape that was holding the belt around the tub and spin the tub by hand watching the belt making sure it is not in a bind and is traveling around the motor pully , tensioner and tub freely. Make sure the tub is still sealed on the back side wall. As you turn the tub by hand you can adjust the belt by hand so that is following the original marks around the tub left by the orignal belt. Also double check the two alingment rollers and make sure they are spinning and on track. Now put the front panel with the door on by sliding it onto the two clips that are one the bottom at each side and put the two screws in that hold the front panel to the two side panels. Now stand the dryer back up and spin the tub by hand again making sure it has a good seal on the back side and on the front panel. Pull the top back down and put the two screws in that hold the lent channle to the top. I am not sure when the belt started failing on my dryer, but was amazed at how quiet it runs now. Guess I was use to the extra noise made by a dryer that was about to die. This was a cheap and easy repair and glad I did it myself. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.41 In Stock Add to cart Amana Dishwasher Rack Track Stop ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 144 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11746591 Manufacturer Part Number WP8565925 The rack track stop on your dishwasher is designed to stop the dish rack at the appropriate place when opening and closing the rack. If your dishwasher is not cleaning your dishes properly, the rack stop may need to be replaced. The replacement part may differ slightly from the broken part, depending on the model. However, the different styles are interchangeable. This product is sold individually and comes in both a white and grey plastic version. Many of our customers found this repair to be very easy and takes less than 30 minutes to complete. Simply snap the old part out and snap the new part into place. You will not require any tools to complete the job. This is an authentic part approved by the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Steven from WASHINGTON, DC Upper rack wheels had begun to break off. Shoddy design and materials. I carefully followed the video instructions step by step. They were detailed, clear, and pointed out how to avoid installation mistakes. WIthout the video I would have been tempted to just figure it out myself - ("Hey, I'm a handy guy. How hard could it be, right?"). With the video I sailed right through with no dumb errors. The new rack adjuster wheel set is much sturdier than the Whirlpool original. It made sense to get new rack stops at the same time. Thank you, PartSelect. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.48 In Stock Add to cart Amana Maintenance Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 356 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373087 Manufacturer Part Number 4392065 The drum support roller kit (Dryer Repair Kit) allows the dryer to tumble properly by supporting the drum cylinder. The idler pulley provides the tension required for a multi-ribbed belt. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. If your dryer is damaged, it may be making loud, squeaking, and/or squealing noises while the drum is turning. This is from normal wear and tear. The drum may eventually stop turning all together. This is a sign the part should be replaced. This is one complete maintenance kit. The kit includes the drum belt, drum support rollers, one idler pulley, four tri-rings, and one clip. The parts are constructed of plastic, metal, and rubber, and come in black/white/silver. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Marks left on clothes See more... Installation Instructions DENNIS from ALTOONA, FL Broken drive belt Grow a second set of hands. Always unplug any appliance. Remove lint screen. remove two screws (philips Head). I took a wooden shim lightly tapped w/hammer to pop front of dryer top free. Mine worked on hinges and just flipped back til it rested against the wall. Removed two 5/16 screws inside holding face on carefully raise face section off the support clips at either side on the bottom. Pull drum out (I have the large style drum commercial size [approx.). Clean the inside free of all lint (known to be fire hazard). Sling new belt around drum. Get newly grown set of hands to hold drum in place. Pinch belt to fit between tensioner, lift tensioner and place belt around motor pulley. Spin drum couple times to make certain belt isn't twisted. Reverse dismantle proccess to put back together. Replace all parts that come with kit, you'll feel better knowing you got a new dryer, almost. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $55.39 In Stock Add to cart Amana Heating Element - 240v 5400w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 301 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334313 Manufacturer Part Number 279838 The heating element (Flat Can Heating Element 5400W, Heating Element, Whirlpool Dryer Heating Element, Dryer Heating Element) provides heat to the dryer. It is metal and measures 10.5 inches long, 7.5 inches wide, 2 inches deep. The element attaches to the heater housing. This part can break as a result of wear and tear. This can be material fatigue or prolonged high temperature exposure. If broken your clothes may not dry because of a lack of heat. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. First check the thermal fuse on the blower housing before deciding to replace the heating element. Fixes these symptoms Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Gadi from Irvine, CA Dryer motor runs, but no heat To reach the heating element you only need to open the back cover of the dryer (about 8 nut-head screws). Remember to disconnect the power. To remove the heating element there are two small nut-head screws. Remove the two electric wires. Then you can pull the heating element away. You can check the heating element with an ohm-meter or visually inspect it to see if the heating element spiral wire is broken. Don't hurry to dispose the old element. My model includes a small electric safety part. You'll need to transfer it to the new heating element (that comes without it).. Good luck. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Amana Dryer Thermal Fuse ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 376 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741460 Manufacturer Part Number WP3392519 The Dryer Thermal Fuse (Thermal Cutoff, Temperature Fuse) is a 2 by ½ inch, white, plastic safety mechanism that stops the flow of electricity to the motor circuit when a dryer overheats. If the fuse is missing or broken, your dryer will not start. A thermal fuse fails when the exhaust temperature exceeds the fuse rating, that is when the temperature rises above the temperature that the fuse is designed to handle. This can occur when a heating element is shorted, a regulating thermostat or thermister fails, or with a partially restricted exhaust vent. The fuse attaches to the blower wheel housing. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. This is a one-time fuse, meaning it cannot be re-set. The replacement part features two 3/16 inch terminals. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions ANTHONY from CHESHIRE, CT Dryer was working, but no heat. First I unplugged the dryer, then removed the back panel, this exposed most all of the wiring and I could see the heater coils. Not knowing what the problem was I started looking at the coils and could not see any broken parts. So then checked the thermal fuse for continuity I removed the two wires from it with a small pair of needle nose pliers, it was held in place by two screws, once they were removed the fuse came out easily, I checked continuity with a volt meter placing the meter on X1 Ohms and could not get a reading. I replaced with a new one and put it all back together the way I took it apart. Then I plugged it in and it worked first time, I now have warm dry clothes. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.64 In Stock Add to cart Amana Dryer Repair Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 240 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373088 Manufacturer Part Number 4392067 This Whirlpool Dryer Repair Kit is a convenient solution for fixing noise and drum movement problems in 27-inch dryers. Compatible with models from Whirlpool, Kenmore, Maytag, and more, the kit includes a drive belt, drum support rollers, an idler pulley, mounting clips, and a washer. It’s designed for straightforward installation using standard tools, and should only be installed after disconnecting power. Ideal for restoring smooth, quiet dryer performance, this kit combines essential components in one package to save time and effort during repairs. Installation requires disassembling the dryer to replace parts using standard tools. Ensure the dryer is unplugged before starting. This durable OEM kit provides reliable repairs for quieter, more efficient operation. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions jason from HOLDEN, MA very loud squeeling sound The issue was the idler pulley. First I began opening up the front panel based on a youtube video but soon realized the model was slightly different and required a lot more items to remove. I saw the pulley in the back with nothing in the way so I put the front panel crap back on and removed the rear panel. There it was, very simple to remove and replace. I'm not looking forward to drum rollers though. Hopefully they're aren't as difficult as they appear. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $44.95 In Stock Add to cart Amana Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 351 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752778 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10321304 This refrigerator door bin is a genuine OEM replacement designed to fit many side-by-side refrigerator models. Compatible with brands like KitchenAid, Maytag, and Amana, it attaches to the interior door, providing storage for jars and bottles. Featuring a clear design with white trim, this bin is both durable and functional. Installation is tool-free—simply align and snap into place. Verify your refrigerator’s model number before ordering to ensure compatibility, as dimensions may vary slightly. Restore your refrigerator's storage capacity and organization with this high-quality replacement door bin. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice See more... Installation Instructions JULIA from BRONX, NEW YORK, NY replacing parts only the prices you had were great, now I see there was an increase in the parts. thank you Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $18.83 In Stock Add to cart Amana Dryer Drum Support Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752609 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10314173 This drum support roller is sold individually. Most dryers require two. The tri-rings are included. This is a drum support roller for a dryer. It is a genuine replacement part. This part is sold separately. Most dryers require two drum rollers. It is recommended to check and replace both drum support rollers at the same time to ensure proper drum rotation and because they often wear at the same rate. The drum support roller holds the drum in the proper position while it spins on the support wheels. If rollers are worn out, they will cause the dryer to be noisy. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Jeff from Phoenix, AZ noisy and slow drum speed 1. disconnect power,gas and vent lines 2. pop off top of unit 3. remove front of dryer 4. lay unit on its back 5. remove drum and replace pulley assembly,belt,drum rollers of which it has 2 rear and 2 front 6. reverse above and then remove filter-vent housing and scrape off old seal install new seal 7. re-connect power,gas and vent use again 8. only sad part to whole job was seeing how cheaply whirlpool now makes thier products Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $56.38 In Stock Add to cart Amana Dryer Heating Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 164 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741416 Manufacturer Part Number WP3387747 When connected to electricity the dryer heating element glows red hot and generates heat. When air is blown over it, it heats the air which is used to dry the clothes. The heating element fits inside the heater housing inside the dryer. Wear and tear on the heater coil from use will eventually cause the coil to break and the element to fail. When this part fails it can cease to produce any heat. Alternately, the coil could break and short to ground allowing the dryer to continue to heat even when turned off. The latter is a fire hazard and the dryer should be disconnected from power until the element is replaced. If the element coil breaks, the element needs to be replaced. This model is 11 by 5 inches with 5/16” terminals, metal and ceramic, and comes in black. It is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Not Heating Too hot See more... Installation Instructions Alan from Brooksville, FL Burned out heater element Remove the kick plate from the bottom of the dryer by sliding a putty knife along the top edge to release the plastic clamps, one on each side about 4" in from the edges. The kick plate folds out and down. You will see the heat shield on the right, held in by one hex head screw. Remove screw and heat shield. The element is positioned in an open-front housing and is fastened to the left side of the housing by two hex head screws, located on the "rail" of the element and right near the two wires. Remove the hex-head screws that hold the element in place and disconnected the two wires by pulling them out by hand or with needle nose pliers. The only difficulty here is the cramped working area...I recommend a stubby socket driver for these two screws. Most of this I had to do by feel because I could not see the screw heads. Once the screws are out and the wires have been disconnected, slide the old element straight out toward you. You may need to disconnect a small plastic hose located to the left front of the element, but this hose just pulls right off. Vacume the dust & lint build-up out of the whole area, wipe out the element housing and clean up the whole underside of the dryer prior to installing the new element. Installation is reverse of removal. It also might be a good opportunity to clean out your exhaust duct and the vent to the outside. (Never use the aluminum foil-accordian-type duct.) If the exterior dryer vent has any kind of screen over it, remove it and get rid of it. Screens collect lint, lint builds up and burns out elements. Read more... Amana Appliance Types Amana Air Conditioner Parts Amana Cooktop Parts Amana Dehumidifier Parts Amana Dishwasher Parts Amana Dryer Parts Amana Freezer Parts Amana Ice Maker Parts Amana Microwave Parts Amana Microwave Oven Combo Parts Amana Range Parts Amana Vent Hood Parts Amana Refrigerator Parts Amana Trash Compactor Parts Amana Washer Parts Amana Washer Dryer Combo Parts Amana Fridge Parts Amana Oven Parts Amana Stove Parts Back to Top Popular Amana Models Below are the most popular Amana models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 3 Amana Microwave Sa2010.003/Sa2010.00 3 2 Amana Microwave Ex2050.012/Ex2050.01 2 NED4655EW1 ELECTRIC DRYER NFW7200TW10 Residential ASD2575BRS01 REFRIGERATOR ASD2575BRW01 REFRIGERATOR AFD2535DES Bottom Freezer NTW4605EW0 WASHER NTW4516FW1 WASHER NED7200TW10 Residential AFI2538AES Bottom Freezer AFD2535FES Bottom Freezer ADB1500AWW AFD2535DEW Bottom Freezer NTW4519JW2 Washer AFD2535DEB Bottom Freezer ASD2522WRB01 SIDE-BY-SIDE REFRIGERATOR ADB1500AWB NED4600YQ1 29" ELECTRIC DRYER ASD2522WRS01 SIDE-BY-SIDE REFRIGERATOR + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Baratza ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Baratza Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Baratza Parts Your Price $89.80 In Stock Add to cart Baratza Forte Touch Screen Display Assembly Bg PartSelect Number PS17830742 Manufacturer Part Number SP0100775 Your Price $38.31 In Stock Add to cart Baratza Sette S2 Cone Burr With H PartSelect Number PS17830756 Manufacturer Part Number SP0100790 Your Price $81.03 In Stock Add to cart Baratza Kit To Upgrade Virtuoso Pre PartSelect Number PS17830771 Manufacturer Part Number SP0100807 Your Price $16.14 In Stock Add to cart Baratza Burr Removal Tool PartSelect Number PS17830838 Manufacturer Part Number SP0100974 Your Price $16.14 In Stock Add to cart Baratza Hopper Clear With Pad Printing PartSelect Number PS17830882 Manufacturer Part Number SP0101047 This clear bean hopper is a replacement part designed to hold whole coffee beans before they are fed into the grinder. With a capacity of 8 ounces (approximately 227 grams), it features a transparent gray finish for easy viewing and a durable construction for long-lasting use. Ideal for restoring functionality when the original hopper is lost or damaged, this component installs easily by placing it onto the grinder’s mounting point. Note: The lid is sold separately and is not included with the hopper. Your Price $126.65 Special Order Add to cart Baratza Metal Back Housing PartSelect Number PS17830944 Manufacturer Part Number SP0101116 Your Price $8.77 Special Order Add to cart Baratza Micro Switch (long Foot) (dong PartSelect Number PS17830955 Manufacturer Part Number SP0101130 Your Price $14.66 Special Order Add to cart Baratza Sette Motor Mounting Plate (with 4 Brass Inserts) PartSelect Number PS17831005 Manufacturer Part Number SP0101210 Your Price $17.62 Special Order Add to cart Baratza Top Ball Cage (with Steel Balls) PartSelect Number PS17831018 Manufacturer Part Number SP0101228 Your Price $7.29 In Stock Add to cart Baratza Vario Knob PartSelect Number PS17831024 Manufacturer Part Number SP0101236 Baratza Appliance Types Baratza Coffee Grinder Parts Baratza Coffee Maker Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Beko ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Beko Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Beko Parts Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Assembly Elements Group PartSelect Number PS17799372 Manufacturer Part Number 110243033 Your Price $102.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Cast Iron PartSelect Number PS17799374 Manufacturer Part Number 110247526 Your Price $54.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Tap Knob. PartSelect Number PS17799390 Manufacturer Part Number 110250053 Your Price $6.95 Special Order Add to cart Beko Bolt (a.m5x5 Din 7985) PartSelect Number PS17799518 Manufacturer Part Number 111204320 Your Price $11.95 Special Order Add to cart Beko Burner Chamber Plate Support Usa PartSelect Number PS17799620 Manufacturer Part Number 115650002 Your Price $128.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Bsi Rapide Bur Tube Gr Rear Left10.000bt PartSelect Number PS17799887 Manufacturer Part Number 123250028 Your Price $146.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Bsi Halo Burner + Tube Gr 19.000 Btu PartSelect Number PS17799889 Manufacturer Part Number 123250030 Your Price $70.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Main Board Uc614651 PartSelect Number PS17800145 Manufacturer Part Number 1510150500 Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Oem Atlantis Shelf Group PartSelect Number PS17800158 Manufacturer Part Number 1510460200 Your Price $246.95 In Stock Add to cart Beko Karna Sump Group Complete PartSelect Number PS17800177 Manufacturer Part Number 1511906200 Beko Appliance Types Beko Fridge Parts Beko Oven Parts Beko Stove Parts Beko Cooktop Parts Beko Dishwasher Parts Beko Dryer Parts Beko Freezer Parts Beko Microwave Parts Beko Wall Oven Parts Beko Range Parts Beko Refrigerator Parts Beko Range Hood Parts Beko Washer Parts Back to Top Popular Beko Models Below are the most popular Beko models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 7161141300 24 Inch Front Load Washer Bwm7200x 7159341100 Wmy10148c0 Washing Machine 7176641500 Wte7712bs0w Washing Machine Freestanding Front-Load 7104582100 Beko Wbf 6005 C Front-Loader Washing Machine 7185881600 24 Inch Front Load Washer Bdv7200x 7159441200 24 Inch Front Load Washer Wmy10148c2 7735687907 30 Inch Built-In Wall Oven Wos30100ss 7732186202 24 Inch Built-In Wall Oven Wos24102ss 7278420211 7080 Multimode Eb 30-Inch Double Combination Electric Wall O 7735687912 Wos30200cf 30-Inch Single Electric Wall Oven 8700000649 Bfbf2414wh 24-Inch Counter Depth Bottom Mount Refrigerator 8700000567 Refrigerator Bftf2716wh 8700000588 Bftf2716ssime 28-Inch Counter Depth Top Freezer Refrigerator 7288947514 22 Inch Built-In Bottom-Freezer Refrigerator Bbbf2410im 7294647510 30 Inch Built-In Bottom Freezer Refrigerator Bbbf3019imwess 8700000741 Bftf2716bk Top Freezer Refrigerator BRFB1045WH 24 Inch Freestanding Bottom Mount Refrigerator 7289749581 30 Inch Counter Refrigerator (Lh Door) Bfbf3018ssl 7287547592 36 Inch Counter Depth Side-By-Side Refrigerator Bfsb3622ss 7518220013 24 Inch Counter Depth Refrigerator Bfbf2412ss Canada K60340n + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Bionaire ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Bionaire Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Bionaire Appliance Types Bionaire Air Purifier Parts Bionaire Fan Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Blomberg ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Blomberg Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Blomberg Parts Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Gum Foot ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS17820010 Manufacturer Part Number 755770534 Your Price $19.12 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Crumb Tray PartSelect Number PS17820256 Manufacturer Part Number 761171232 Your Price $5.95 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Lid Gasket PartSelect Number PS17819932 Manufacturer Part Number 754132452 Your Price $13.87 Special Order Add to cart Blomberg Filter Holder (5133 Model) PartSelect Number PS17820466 Manufacturer Part Number 763411061 Your Price $115.25 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Heating Unit Assembly Us5154 PartSelect Number PS17818657 Manufacturer Part Number 696891237 Your Price $232.75 Special Order Add to cart Blomberg Svc-maker Ice Cube Sbs;4827350200 Dacrsv PartSelect Number PS16622500 Manufacturer Part Number DA81-08168A Your Price $292.89 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Svc-board Electronic Control;4918670200 PartSelect Number PS16622247 Manufacturer Part Number DA81-07677A Your Price $19.12 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Crumb Tray Assembly PartSelect Number PS17820240 Manufacturer Part Number 761171046 Your Price $132.84 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Us Heating Unit Assembly PartSelect Number PS17818653 Manufacturer Part Number 696891007 Your Price $218.45 In Stock Add to cart Blomberg Ice Casting Mouth PartSelect Number PS16622270 Manufacturer Part Number DA81-07737A Blomberg Appliance Types Blomberg Blender Parts Blomberg Coffee Maker Parts Blomberg Cooktop Parts Blomberg Dishwasher Parts Blomberg Dryer Parts Blomberg Kettle Parts Blomberg Microwave Parts Blomberg Range Parts Blomberg Vent Hood Parts Blomberg Refrigerator Parts Blomberg Toaster Parts Blomberg Wall Oven Parts Blomberg Washer Parts Blomberg Fridge Parts Blomberg Oven Parts Blomberg Stove Parts Back to Top Popular Blomberg Models Below are the most popular Blomberg models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 7169581500 Wm 77110 Nbl 01-Abd B1 Xm12 Ab09mlc Cs 7156541100 Wm98400sx Abd-Kanb1xe621410 Washing Machine 7154841900 24 Inch Front Load Washer Wm98400sx2 7169581100 Wm 77110 Nbl-Abd B1 Xm12 7kg Ab09mlc Cs 7161542800 Wmd24400w 24-Inch Front Load Washer/Dryer 7156541300 24 Inch Front Load Washer Wm98200sx2 7161841100 24 Inch Freestanding Combo Washer Ventless Dryer Wmd24400w 7161141400 24 Inch Compact Front Load Washer Wm72200w 7152381200 Wm 67120 Nbl 00 -Abd B1 T3 Pln7s 1200 Cs Tp 7175181100 Wm87120nbl00-Abd B1 Xl12 8kg Ab09mlc Cs 7163081300 Wm67121nbl00-Usa B1 M 7kg Pln7s 1200 7156541200 Wm 98200 Sx Blomberg Washing Machine 7131681300 Wm 26110 Nbl00-Abd T1 J16 1200 Cs Tp 7169581600 Wm77120nbl01 1.95 Cu. Ft. Front Load Washer 7735687902 Cte24402 24 Inch Smooth Top Electric Cooktop 7737487903 Usa-Canada, Summit Pro24g, Barbaros Fs 60x60x90 Oven, Inox 7732186203 24 Inch Single Electric Wall Oven Bwos24110ss 7732188357 Lithuania, Hkn 1435x, 60x60 Complete Elect Ceran Oven, Inox 7732187983 Beru24102ss 24 Inch Freestanding Electric Range 7732187931 Canada, Berc 24100, Barbaros Fs Electrical Oven, Black + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Bosch ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Bosch Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Bosch Parts Your Price $13.12 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Dishrack Roller - Grey ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 29 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8727387 Manufacturer Part Number 00611475 This dishrack roller is a genuine replacement part designed for the lower rack of select dishwashers. Made from durable gray plastic and measuring slightly over one inch in diameter, it features an integrated clip for secure attachment to the rack. The roller allows the lower dishrack to glide smoothly in and out of the dishwasher, supporting efficient loading and unloading. If a roller is broken or missing, the rack may become unstable or difficult to move. This OEM component is sold individually and installs easily by snapping it into place—no tools required. Regular replacement of worn rollers helps maintain optimal dishwasher performance. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t close See more... Installation Instructions Dennis from PLEASANTVILLE, NJ rollers broke pushed with thumb pressure and snapped rollers into place.....EASY Read more... Your Price $27.46 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Access Valve ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 8 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16746057 Manufacturer Part Number 10023852 This water access valve, also known as a water inlet valve, is an authentic OEM replacement part used in dishwashers. The valve controls the flow of water into the dishwasher. It is responsible for allowing water from the household water supply to enter the dishwasher tub during the wash cycle. The valve is controlled by the electronic control board, which signals it to open or close based on the selected cycle and water level requirements. Once the dishwasher is filled to the appropriate level, the water inlet valve closes to prevent any further water from entering the tub. If the valve is faulty, you will likely experience water leakages, difficulties filling dishwasher, and poor cleaning results. This part is commonly associated with the E15 error code on dishwashers. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Not cleaning dishes properly Not draining See more... Installation Instructions Raymond from VIENNA, VA E:15 error code with Watertap The E:15 error code means water is detected in the pan under the unit. There are several ways this can happen. In this case, it was caused by a bad inlet valve. It did not close properly and led to an overflow of water inside that eventually spilled into the pan underneath the unit. I see now why the pump keeps running after this error. In this case, it would have led to a big flood in the kitchen if it did not. I was actually able to run the unit while broke by manually operating the valve under our sink that provides water to the unit. Be sure to turn off breaker before servicing. Don't get shocked! Be sure to turn off water before starting! Or, you'll have a flood. Anyway, I just pulled the unit out (was secured by 2 screws on the sides). I lifted up the insulation material on the left side to get at the valve. Pushed a little green tab to release the electrical plug. Then, use pliers to move clamp off the white water hose on the inside. Then, pull of white hose. This was hard in my case. Took a lot of force. Then, reach behind the unit and use pliers to unscrew water hose. Now, the whole gray panel there can pop out with some force. Then, slip the old valve out and slip new one in. Reconnect hoses and clamp. Note that I put some caulk on the connector where white hose goes. Not sure if needed or not. Good luck! Read more... Your Price $127.95 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Lower Dishrack ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 8 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18375870 Manufacturer Part Number 20007189 This lower dishrack is a high-quality replacement component designed to restore full functionality and organization to compatible Bosch, Thermador, Gaggenau, and select Kenmore dishwashers. Constructed as a durable wire basket, it securely holds dishes, utensils, and kitchenware during the wash cycle, preventing shifting and promoting optimal water circulation for thorough cleaning. Measuring to fit a wide range of models, this rack replaces several previous versions and is engineered to meet original equipment standards. It is ideal for replacing a damaged, rusted, or discontinued lower rack, ensuring continued performance and reliability. Your old cutlery basket will not fit this new design and part 00675794 will need to be purchased separately. Installation involves sliding the rack into the lower track of the dishwasher cavity, with no additional tools or accessories required. Fixes these symptoms Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Patricia from DALLAS, TX A prong in the bottom rack had broken nearly through where it attached to the base & was rusting severely. Several other prongs had also started to rust. The bottom rack of our Bosch dishwasher was discontinued & no longer available anywhere, so we ordered an OEM replacement rack from PartSelect.com & hoped that it would fit. The new rack fits perfectly & is actually an improvement over the old one. The new rack doesn't have a vase tower, but that is actually a big design improvement because it can store more dishes & is more flexible than the old one. The new rack comes without a handle cover, but it was very easy to move the handle cover from our old rack to the new one. Read more... Your Price $10.12 On Order Add to cart Bosch Dishwasher Handlecap Shaped ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8729301 Manufacturer Part Number 00628998 This door handle end cap is supplied directly by the manufacturer for use with dishwashers. It is a genuine OEM part that is designed to fit just like the original piece. The end cap is made of highly durable plastic, and it is responsible for securing the end of the handle on the dishwasher door. It protects the handle from scratches, dents, and general wear and tear, which can occur over time. It also contributes to the appearance of the dishwasher by concealing any exposed screws and providing a finished look to the handles. When replacing the end caps, you will need to first remove the door panel. Each end cap is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure See more... Installation Instructions Robert from VERONA, NJ Handle caps at both ends of dishwasher door cracked and needed to be replaced Followed You Tube video how to replace door handle caps and used above mentioned tool. Note: could not use a regular screwdriver. Read more... Your Price $12.00 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Upper Rack Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18010470 Manufacturer Part Number 10032849 This wheel is a dishwasher rack wheel designed for the upper rack of your appliance. The roller wheel is approximately 1.25 inches in diameters and includes the brushing you need for installation. It simply clips right on to the rack frame. After the wheel are attached to the side of the dishrack and are placed into the slides on either side of the appliance. Dishrack roller wheels allow the upper rack in a dishwasher to glide in and out of the appliance with ease. Due to the fact the roller wheel is made of plastic they tend to wear out after a period of time, also they can break. We do recommend you replace these rack wheels in pairs as they often wear out at the same rate. These wheels are sold individually. Installation Instructions Catherine from AMHERST, NY The plastic clip on the roller broke We let this go for a shameful amount of time before I decided I could probably fix it. The roller broke so you could only pull it out about halfway or it would come off the track. I looked up the part, and bought it. Actually bought two in case it happened again. When I arrived I looked at how it was put together on the other side and then just basically pushed it onto the rod and it was fixed. I am ashamed it took so long to do it. Never be afraid to try it yourself. It was a total of $10 shipped to fix it. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $127.02 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Dishwasher Circulation Pump With Heater ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 5 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11724988 Manufacturer Part Number 12008381 This heat pump assembly is a vital component for select Bosch, Thermador, and Gaggenau dishwashers, combining circulation and heating functions to ensure effective cleaning performance. It pumps water through the spray arms while simultaneously heating it to the optimal temperature for thorough dishwashing. As a genuine OEM part, it is engineered for compatibility and long-term reliability. Replacing a faulty heat pump can resolve issues such as poor cleaning results, failure to start, water leaks, or unusual operational noises. Installation should be performed with care, and compatibility should be confirmed using your dishwasher’s model number to ensure proper fit and function. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Noisy Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Neil from CHESTER, WV Pump and heater failure! Removed the dishwasher from the cabinet, laid it on its side, removed the old pump/heater, installed the new and reinstalled the dishwasher. What made this a little more difficult is my dishwasher has a bottom to it that would be very difficult to remove, access to the pump is from the side! I have large hands, not much room to work! Read more... Your Price $41.39 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Pump-drain ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 4 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11704799 Manufacturer Part Number 00631200 This drain pump is a genuine OEM replacement part that is specially made for various models of dishwasher. It is responsible for removing water from the dishwasher at the end of a cycle. It pumps the water out through the drain hose, which is connected to the kitchen sink plumbing or a dedicated drain line. If you notice an unpleasant odor and water pooling at the bottom of your dishwasher after a cycle, it could indicate a problem with the drain pump. If the pump is faulty you may also hear unusual rattling and grinding sounds. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Noisy Not draining See more... Your Price $6.96 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Adjustable Tine Row Clip ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8727471 Manufacturer Part Number 00611981 This part is a replacement tine row clip for your dishwasher. The tine row clip is adjustable, and it fits onto your dishrack to holds the tines into place. If your dishrack tine rows will not stay in position, you could have one or more broken tine clips. To replace a tine row clip, simply snap the old tine row clip out, and replace it with the new clip. This part is made of gray plastic and is approximately one inch long and half an inch wide. This part is sold individually, so it is a good idea to check all of your tine row clips to determine if more than one are broken. Installation Instructions James from SHENANDOAH, TX Lower tines rusted out and would not hold dishes to clean them properly. Removed two rusted tines lines, then I unclipped the stabilizers, installed four other positioning clips, put the two adjustable tines in the two vertical plastic stabilizers at the ends of the lower baskets. Worked like a charm and all is good. May I suggest using stainless steel or more nickel in the iron used in the basket or a thicker or more durable plastic in the tines. Read more... Your Price $28.55 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Dishwasher Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 11 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8737036 Manufacturer Part Number 00745856 This OEM upper spray arm is sourced directly from the manufacturer for use in various models of dishwasher. It is responsible for spraying water onto the dishes that are placed in the top rack. It is located beneath the top rack and consists of several small openings or nozzles through which water is propelled with high pressure. When the dishwasher is in running, water is pumped through the spray arm, and the force of the water causes it to rotate, ensuring that water is distributed evenly across the dishes for effective cleaning. If the arm become damaged or clogged with debris, you may notice difficulties cleaning your dishes properly, rattling or scraping sounds and reduced overall efficiency. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t close Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Brian from MADISON, CT dishwasher door would not close properly, spray arm would not engage plug popped off old spray arm from under the rack and put on new spray arm, couldn't be any easier, 5 minute job, door closes easily now! Read more... Your Price $15.35 In Stock Add to cart Bosch Sealing ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 7 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18375762 Manufacturer Part Number 12054183 This seal is also referred to as a door gasket, and it is designed for use on dishwashers. It is installed on the door of the appliance, and it seals the space between the tub of the dishwasher and the door. This seal works for prevent water from escaping during the wash cycle. Over time the seal might wear out, or it might get damaged, when that happens you will start to notice leaks. If water is leaking from the door of your dishwasher during operation it may be time for you to replace the door gasket on your appliance. This door seal is made of rubber, and it is black in color. Fixes these symptoms Leaking See more... Installation Instructions David from FALMOUTH, ME Water was leaking below the door. The gasket that seals the door shut was torn from wear and needed replacement I removed the old gasket easily, it pulled right out. I spent a few minutes cleaning the gunk out from the seam using a standard kitchen cleaner (it was gross and I had to do it multiple times). Tip: pay attention to the shape of the gasket and which side faces in vs. out when pulling out the old one. Also, for reference, take a photo of the old gasket and how it's positioned before pulling it out. Then, simply start at the bottom (either side) and insert the new gasket. Work your way up, over and down the other side. If it's facing the right way it'll go in very easily, if not is will be very difficult—this is how you'll know. After installation, run your dishwasher empty for a full cycle (with towel underneath the door) and check back frequently during the cycle. If there are no leaks you're done. This was the fastest, easiest way to attempt to fix a leaky door and eliminate the gasket as the problem (which it did!) If the machine still leaks the issue is likely something bigger. Read more... Bosch Appliance Types Bosch Cooktop Parts Bosch Dishwasher Parts Bosch Dryer Parts Bosch Freezer Parts Bosch Microwave Parts Bosch Nailer Parts Bosch Planer Jointer Parts Bosch Range Parts Bosch Refrigerator Parts Bosch Oven Parts Bosch Washer Parts Bosch Fridge Parts Back to Top Popular Bosch Models Below are the most popular Bosch models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? SHP65T55UC DISHWASHER SHP65T55UC DISHWASHER SHP65T55UC DISHWASHER SHP65T55UC DISHWASHER B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS Bosch Refrigerator B26ft70sns B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR B26FT70SNS REFRIGERATOR SHX68T55UC DISHWASHER SHX68T55UC DISHWASHER SHX68T55UC DISHWASHER SHX68T55UC DISHWASHER HMC80251UC MICROWAVE SHP65TL5UC DISHWASHER SHP65TL5UC DISHWASHER Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Caloric ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Caloric Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Caloric Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $10.95 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Chrome Drip Bowl - 8 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 50 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750107 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10196405 This manufacturer-certified drip bowl is also known as a drip pan, and it is designed for use with cooktops and ranges. It sits below 8-inch burner elements and catches drips and spills from the cookware on the burner. The diameter of the drip bowl is approximately 10 inches. This replacement might appear slightly different, but it will fit your appliance. You will need no tools to complete this repair. Simply remove the burner element, remove the old bowl, line up the hole on the new bowl with the terminal block and drop it into place. Make sure the bowl is flat before reinstalling the element. While you have the element out you should inspect the terminals for corrosion, damage, or discolouration. If you notice any of those things you should also replace the element and terminal block. You will need to replace your drip bowl if it is lost, damaged, or can no longer be cleaned. This replacement part is sold individually. To extend the life of your new drip bowl we recommend you clean it regularly with soap and water. We recommend only using the recommended drip bowl for your appliance; generic versions will not fit properly which could affect the performance of your elements and cause long-term damage. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $8.36 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 177 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2376034 Manufacturer Part Number 8206232A This 40w light bulb is a replacement bulb constructed of glass and metal. It is an easy-to-install electrical part which produces 40w of light. If the bulb won't light up then it may be broken and should be replaced. The bulb attaches directly to an appropriate light socket and has a small screw-in base. To access the exterior light bulb, you will need to remove the panel on the bottom of the microwave using a Phillips screwdriver. If your exterior light bulb has not been changed before, it is probably held in place with some silicone. You will need to cut away this silicone to remove the old bulb. If you cannot access the silicone with a utility knife, it can be removed using dental floss. Once the silicone is removed, simply unscrew the old bulb, and replace it with the new one. Be sure to disconnect the power to the microwave before you begin this repair. This light bulb measures about 1 1/8 inches. We do not recommend using a higher-wattage bulb for this appliance, and can only recommend this specific bulb. If fixing the bulb does not solve your microwave light issue, it's possibly a problem with the socket, which means the socket and/or board will need to be replaced. This can be a more dangerous repair, so consult your user manual or a technician before attempting. Installation Instructions Chris from Cedar Hill, TX Burned out light under microwave and Filters needed changing I just removed the multiple screws which held the hood cover on. I then attempted to remove the light bulbs from the socket. This proved impossible because the bulbs were so fragile from the heat and grease build up. To make this task much easier and probably safer, just replace the bulb housing and light bulb. The bulb housing unplugs very easily. Just replace it then screw your new bulb in. P.S. Be sure to unplug appliance before you start. The filters are very easy to replace. No tools needed. Hope this helps. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.46 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Drip Bowl - 6 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 106 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750108 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10196406 This drip bowl is used for electric cooktops and ranges, it is designed to sit under a 6-inch surface burner. It catches the drips and spills coming from the cookware on the surface burner. This drip bowl is chrome, and it has a diameter of 8 inches. You need to remove the burner element to replace this part. Line the hole up with the element terminal blocks, and ensure the new bowl is flush with the surface of the cooktop before replacing the burner element. Drip bowls need to be replaced when they are lost, damaged, or you are no longer able to clean them adequately. This replacement part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $95.89 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Replacement Ice Maker ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 185 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2121513 Manufacturer Part Number D7824706Q This ice maker (Ice Maker Assembly, Refrigerator Ice Maker) produces ice cubes that are ejected into the storage bucket. It is located in the freezer section of your appliance, mounted on the freezer wall. The ice maker can break from normal wear and accidental damage. If this happens, your refrigerator may no longer make ice cubes, or may not make enough cubes, and the part should be replaced. This model measures approximately 11 inches long and 5 inches wide. It’s constructed of plastic and metal, and comes in black/white/silver. This assembly includes the ice mold and the control device. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Doesn’t stop running Ice maker dispenses too little ice See more... Installation Instructions Bernie from Diamond Bar, CA Icemaker producing few or no cubes and often leaving "kling-ons" on ice tray Interior surface of ice tray felt rough & flaky (coating deteriorated) so cubes would not release. Unplug appliance. Remove timer cover by hand pressure @ edge. Remove single attachment screw & bracket at lower front of icemaker. Disconnect wiring harness from socket @ rear of compartment. Tricky part was determining what type of connection held the other two attachment points along the long edge of the icemaker. I did not have repair manual or useful drawing but looked @ PartsDirect pic of side brackets & used a small mirror to confirm that mine were also some sort of "snap in" attachment. Remove icemaker unit by pushing upward and outward on the unit. I takes a good bit of pressure and will pop loose, but be careful not to break attachment bracket from freezer wall. Scavenge shut off bar and wiring harness from old icemaker once you have it out & attach to new one before installing it back in freezer. Again, you might find a mirror useful to align those pesky snap-in brackets with the new unit. Since you probably kept your freezer running while waiting for the part, the plastic snap-ins will be cold and brittle. I warmed them up first by applying a dampened cloth heated in the microwave to make them a little more pliable. A good push of the new unit towards the snap-ins along with some upward force will get it stable. Reattach the metal screw in bracket & connect the wiring harness to rear plug... and don't forget to plug the whole thing back in. It will take awhile for the first batch of cubes dump as the timer may need to cycle completely around to get to the fill cycle... be patient. Dump the first couple of batches of cubes just to make sure you're free of any residue. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.75 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 78 Reviews PartSelect Number PS884734 Manufacturer Part Number 8009 This an authentic OEM 40-Watt replacement light bulb, used in a number of household appliances. It is specially designed to withstand extreme temperatures, which is why these replacement bulbs are most often used to light the inside of refrigerators and ranges. It features a standard socket base, which means you simply unscrew the burnt-out bulb and screw in the replacement. Depending on the appliance you may require a screwdriver or nut driver to access the light bulb. We recommend you wear work gloves while handling this replacement part. It is constructed of glass and metal and is sold individually. Depending on the appliance and location of the bulb within it, you may want to consider disconnecting power and using a flashlight for easier access to unscrewing and re-screwing in your bulb during this repair. Installation Instructions judie from mays landing, NJ interior drawers were off their rollers pulled the washer out and replaces the top roller system on both sides and the replaced the weels and brackets on the bottom drwaer. however i had trouble putting the dish washer back correctly and had to call a repairman to adjust the dishwasher and alighn it to open and close properly. but i did do good inside. i feel it was easy and a success. thank you for having the supplies for us to attempt to repair it on our own. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $14.61 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Drip Bowl - 6 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2366565 Manufacturer Part Number W10196406RW If your element will not heat, there could be an issue with your drip bowl. This chrome drip bowl is 8 inches in diameter, and fits most electric ranges. Before you replace the drip bowl, make sure the element is turned off and cool to the touch. Installation is easy, just remove the element, replace the current drip bowl, and replace the element. Make sure the small hole on the bowl lines up with the element socket. The manufacturer has substituted this part, it now has a hole in the center, and no longer has a solid bottom. For a step by step guide, click the video below. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kings Park, NY Drip bowls were rusty and rotting through I simply removed the elements and replaced the drip bowls with new ones. Put the elements back in and my stove looks %1000 better! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Refrigerator Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 95 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12728638 Manufacturer Part Number W11384469 Door switch turns the light off when you close the door. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too warm Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Clint from Rayville, MO Lights inside refrigerator not working I used a flat-head screwdriver to pop out the old light rocker switch. Then, I unplugged the wires, plugged them into the new light rocker switch, and then popped the new switch into the hole. That's it! Lights began working again. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $42.95 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Refrigerator Capacitor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 44 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11757023 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10662129 This capacitor (Refrigerator and Freezer Compressor Run Capacitor, Run Capacitor) provides the voltage or energy current required to start the compressor and keep it running. It allows the compressor in your appliance to easily cycle on and off. This capacitor mounts directly onto the compressor starting relay. If the capacitor is faulty the compressor may get unusually hot and draw excessive amperage. It the compressor overheats, it may fail to run until it cools down again. The compressor may also get noisy from overheating. If this part is totally electrically open, it is defective (often due to overheating) and needs to be replaced. The part measures 1 inch by 1-1/2 inches, and is constructed of plastic with two metal wire terminals. This item includes 1 capacitor, sold individually. This part comes in black. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Freezer not defrosting Freezer section too warm See more... Installation Instructions garth from forest lake, MN My refrigerator stopped cooling and the freezer section stopped freezing I knew the chances of all the freon leaking out was unlikely so I looked at the wiring to the compressor and there was a capacitor and a starter/overload so i figured I would start there. I went on line and found the parts at this site and they were less than the minimum service call charge for a service tech so I figured what the heck let's give her a shot so I did give it a shot. I ordered the parts and they were there in less time than a service tech could come out and i installed the parts and guess what for 90.00 in parts and 15 minutes in time I repaired my refrigerator. Thanks guys, It took less time to order the parts than it did to make the repair so thanks, your website rocks and is very well designed so my hat is off to you guys! Read more... Your Price $15.65 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Range Surface Burner Plug-in Block Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 22 Reviews PartSelect Number PS340571 Manufacturer Part Number 330031 The surface burner plug-in block kit features a newer-style terminal block. This kit is designed for use with ranges and cooktops. This terminal block is how the coil element on your stove connects to the inner wiring of your appliance. Without this connection your burner element would not get the electrical current it needs to heat up. When your element will not heat at all, or if it is not heating properly it is likely an issue with the terminal block. You need to remove the element to replace this part. While you have the element out, inspect the element and the terminal for any corrosion, arcing, or discoloration. If you notice any damage to the element or the terminals we recommend you replace this part as well. This kit includes two metal brackets, two pre-crimped high-temperature wire leads, two ceramic wire nuts, two heat-shrinking insulators, and a mounting screw. Before you begin this repair, make sure you have unplugged your appliance. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Jon from Oakley, CA Surface elements quit working Drilled out old and broken hold down clips, installed new ones(4). Cut old wires attached to surface plug in block, striped wires, and attached new plugin kit(4), warmed up heat shrink with a hair dryer, put in new drip bowels, the stove is like new. I ordered the parts on line early one morning, the next day they were at my door and installed that day, everything that I ordered was there, and fit properly. Way to go Part Select.com Jon Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $62.32 In Stock Add to cart Caloric Refrigerator Condenser Fan Motor Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 50 Reviews PartSelect Number PS395284 Manufacturer Part Number 833697 This condenser fan motor kit is designed for use with refrigerators. This fan draws air through the condenser coils and over the compressor. It does this with the goal of cooling the warm refrigerant before it enters the evaporator. When your fan or fan motor is not working your refrigerator will not cool properly. This is a 2-Watt, 115 Volt motor that rotates the fan in a counter clockwise direction. This kit includes the hardware needed for installation, and a set of instructions. Before you begin any repair work make sure to unplug your appliance. Fixes these symptoms Freezer section too warm Fridge and Freezer are too warm Fridge runs too long See more... Installation Instructions Tom from Franklin, WI Sometimes the condenser fan would start causing the refrigerator to overheat. Unplug the appliance. Removed the screws holding the back panel. Removed the fan blade. removed 3 screws holding the condenser fan. Remove the 3 metal brackets attached to the fan. (First note which studs the brackets are attached to. Attach the 3 metal brackets to the new fan. (New screws were supplied) Cut and strip the wire about two inches from the fan. Cut and strip the new wire. I cut the new wire in half (about 6 inches.) Connect the two wires, twist and used 2 wire nuts. Tie wrap the wire to the wire harness. Mount the new fan (three screws) Screw the back panel back on. Mount the new Read more... Caloric Appliance Types Caloric Stove Parts Caloric Air Conditioner Parts Caloric Cooktop Parts Caloric Dishwasher Parts Caloric Microwave Oven Combo Parts Caloric Microwave Parts Caloric Range Parts Caloric Refrigerator Parts Caloric Range Hood Parts Caloric Fridge Parts Caloric Oven Parts Back to Top Popular Caloric Models Below are the most popular Caloric models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? RWS212 RWS214UD GAS DOUBLE WALL OVEN RWS214UWW Caloric Range/Stove/Oven Rws214uww RWS202 BZ22QW Caloric Refrigerator Bz22qw RXS212 RSS307 Freestanding, Gas, Self-Cleaning RSS369 Freestanding, Gas, Self-Cleaning RSS399 Freestanding, Gas, Self-Cleaning ESS343 Freestanding, Electric, Self-Cleaning EBE22AA Caloric Range/Stove/Oven Ebe22aa RST399UL RST399UL RST399UL RST399UL RST399UL RST399UL RWS216 RST376 GAS RANGE RST376 Freestanding, Gas, Self-Cleaning + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Calphalon ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Calphalon Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Calphalon Appliance Types Calphalon Coffee Maker Parts Calphalon Cooking Parts Calphalon Espresso Machine Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Crock Pot ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Crock-Pot Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Crock-Pot Appliance Types Crock-Pot Slow Cooker Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Crosley ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Crosley Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Crosley Parts Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Multi Rib Belt - 92-1/4" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 429 Reviews PartSelect Number PS346995 Manufacturer Part Number 341241 This dryer drum belt (Whirlpool Dryer Belt, Drive Belt) has four ridges, three grooves and is 1/4" wide, and 92 1/4 inches in length. It comes in black and is made of rubber. The belt transfers the rotation of the motor to turn the drum. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Ray from Denton, TX Dryer tub belt broke Removed the two screws that attatch the lent channel to the top of the dryer, then lifted the top of the dryer by pushing in on the two locking tabs located at the front , left and right , corners of the dryer top with a small flat head screw driver. The top of the dryer will fold back out of the way. At this point I removed the two 1/4 inch screws that are located on the inside of the dryer front left and right corners that hold the front panel/door to the two side panels. Now I was able to lift the front panel up and set it to the side. The bottom of the front panel that contains the dryer door that I just removed was held on the bottom by two clips that slide into slots on the front panel and did not require any removal to disconnect the bottom of the front panel, just pull up on the front panel. Since the tub was held in place by floating on a seal at the back of the dryer and a seal on the front panel , which I just removed the tub is now free floating except for the two alignment roller wheels at the bottom of the tub. It is easier if you lay the dryer on its back at this point with front of the tub pointing up. I pulled the tub out and cleaned the years of built up lent and removed all the pieces of the old , destroyed, belt. Note, the belt tentioner is located at the front of the motor which on the bottom right hand side. If your belt is broke like mine the tensioner may/will fall to the back of the dryer when you tilt it back, but do not worry. Once the dryer was cleaned up I put the tub back in place , still on its back and made sure the two alignment rollers were in place and rolled freely when the tub was turned by hand. Another note, my original belt tensioner did not have a rolling wheel that the belt rode on , but was a semi-circle smooth surface that the belt remained in constant friction with when the dyer was running, so I made sure the replacement tensioner I ordered with my new belt did have a rolling wheel that the belt would ride on, which I believe will reduce wear and extend the belt life. The new belt came with a diagram of the belt and tensioner routing which was helpful. Note: do not take the tensioner wheel off/apart when trying to route the belt. Follow the instructions routing diagram. The tensioner is held in palce by inserting the bottom back half into the slot in the bottom floor of the dryer making sure it is aligned with the belt pully on the shaft of the dryer motor. The dryer is still on its back side. Now, it was easier for me to route the belt around the center of the tub, following the marks from the original belt, and hold in in place in a few spots with masking tape and then route it thru the tensioner and onto the front pully of the motor. Make sure you have the grooves of the belt against the tub and the grooves are aligned with the pully on the motor. Now you can remove the masking tape that was holding the belt around the tub and spin the tub by hand watching the belt making sure it is not in a bind and is traveling around the motor pully , tensioner and tub freely. Make sure the tub is still sealed on the back side wall. As you turn the tub by hand you can adjust the belt by hand so that is following the original marks around the tub left by the orignal belt. Also double check the two alingment rollers and make sure they are spinning and on track. Now put the front panel with the door on by sliding it onto the two clips that are one the bottom at each side and put the two screws in that hold the front panel to the two side panels. Now stand the dryer back up and spin the tub by hand again making sure it has a good seal on the back side and on the front panel. Pull the top back down and put the two screws in that hold the lent channle to the top. I am not sure when the belt started failing on my dryer, but was amazed at how quiet it runs now. Guess I was use to the extra noise made by a dryer that was about to die. This was a cheap and easy repair and glad I did it myself. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.41 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Dishwasher Rack Track Stop ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 144 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11746591 Manufacturer Part Number WP8565925 The rack track stop on your dishwasher is designed to stop the dish rack at the appropriate place when opening and closing the rack. If your dishwasher is not cleaning your dishes properly, the rack stop may need to be replaced. The replacement part may differ slightly from the broken part, depending on the model. However, the different styles are interchangeable. This product is sold individually and comes in both a white and grey plastic version. Many of our customers found this repair to be very easy and takes less than 30 minutes to complete. Simply snap the old part out and snap the new part into place. You will not require any tools to complete the job. This is an authentic part approved by the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Steven from WASHINGTON, DC Upper rack wheels had begun to break off. Shoddy design and materials. I carefully followed the video instructions step by step. They were detailed, clear, and pointed out how to avoid installation mistakes. WIthout the video I would have been tempted to just figure it out myself - ("Hey, I'm a handy guy. How hard could it be, right?"). With the video I sailed right through with no dumb errors. The new rack adjuster wheel set is much sturdier than the Whirlpool original. It made sense to get new rack stops at the same time. Thank you, PartSelect. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.48 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Maintenance Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 356 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373087 Manufacturer Part Number 4392065 The drum support roller kit (Dryer Repair Kit) allows the dryer to tumble properly by supporting the drum cylinder. The idler pulley provides the tension required for a multi-ribbed belt. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. If your dryer is damaged, it may be making loud, squeaking, and/or squealing noises while the drum is turning. This is from normal wear and tear. The drum may eventually stop turning all together. This is a sign the part should be replaced. This is one complete maintenance kit. The kit includes the drum belt, drum support rollers, one idler pulley, four tri-rings, and one clip. The parts are constructed of plastic, metal, and rubber, and come in black/white/silver. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Marks left on clothes See more... Installation Instructions DENNIS from ALTOONA, FL Broken drive belt Grow a second set of hands. Always unplug any appliance. Remove lint screen. remove two screws (philips Head). I took a wooden shim lightly tapped w/hammer to pop front of dryer top free. Mine worked on hinges and just flipped back til it rested against the wall. Removed two 5/16 screws inside holding face on carefully raise face section off the support clips at either side on the bottom. Pull drum out (I have the large style drum commercial size [approx.). Clean the inside free of all lint (known to be fire hazard). Sling new belt around drum. Get newly grown set of hands to hold drum in place. Pinch belt to fit between tensioner, lift tensioner and place belt around motor pulley. Spin drum couple times to make certain belt isn't twisted. Reverse dismantle proccess to put back together. Replace all parts that come with kit, you'll feel better knowing you got a new dryer, almost. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $55.39 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Heating Element - 240v 5400w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 301 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334313 Manufacturer Part Number 279838 The heating element (Flat Can Heating Element 5400W, Heating Element, Whirlpool Dryer Heating Element, Dryer Heating Element) provides heat to the dryer. It is metal and measures 10.5 inches long, 7.5 inches wide, 2 inches deep. The element attaches to the heater housing. This part can break as a result of wear and tear. This can be material fatigue or prolonged high temperature exposure. If broken your clothes may not dry because of a lack of heat. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. First check the thermal fuse on the blower housing before deciding to replace the heating element. Fixes these symptoms Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Gadi from Irvine, CA Dryer motor runs, but no heat To reach the heating element you only need to open the back cover of the dryer (about 8 nut-head screws). Remember to disconnect the power. To remove the heating element there are two small nut-head screws. Remove the two electric wires. Then you can pull the heating element away. You can check the heating element with an ohm-meter or visually inspect it to see if the heating element spiral wire is broken. Don't hurry to dispose the old element. My model includes a small electric safety part. You'll need to transfer it to the new heating element (that comes without it).. Good luck. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Dryer Thermal Fuse ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 376 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741460 Manufacturer Part Number WP3392519 The Dryer Thermal Fuse (Thermal Cutoff, Temperature Fuse) is a 2 by ½ inch, white, plastic safety mechanism that stops the flow of electricity to the motor circuit when a dryer overheats. If the fuse is missing or broken, your dryer will not start. A thermal fuse fails when the exhaust temperature exceeds the fuse rating, that is when the temperature rises above the temperature that the fuse is designed to handle. This can occur when a heating element is shorted, a regulating thermostat or thermister fails, or with a partially restricted exhaust vent. The fuse attaches to the blower wheel housing. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. This is a one-time fuse, meaning it cannot be re-set. The replacement part features two 3/16 inch terminals. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions ANTHONY from CHESHIRE, CT Dryer was working, but no heat. First I unplugged the dryer, then removed the back panel, this exposed most all of the wiring and I could see the heater coils. Not knowing what the problem was I started looking at the coils and could not see any broken parts. So then checked the thermal fuse for continuity I removed the two wires from it with a small pair of needle nose pliers, it was held in place by two screws, once they were removed the fuse came out easily, I checked continuity with a volt meter placing the meter on X1 Ohms and could not get a reading. I replaced with a new one and put it all back together the way I took it apart. Then I plugged it in and it worked first time, I now have warm dry clothes. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.64 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Dryer Repair Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 240 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373088 Manufacturer Part Number 4392067 This Whirlpool Dryer Repair Kit is a convenient solution for fixing noise and drum movement problems in 27-inch dryers. Compatible with models from Whirlpool, Kenmore, Maytag, and more, the kit includes a drive belt, drum support rollers, an idler pulley, mounting clips, and a washer. It’s designed for straightforward installation using standard tools, and should only be installed after disconnecting power. Ideal for restoring smooth, quiet dryer performance, this kit combines essential components in one package to save time and effort during repairs. Installation requires disassembling the dryer to replace parts using standard tools. Ensure the dryer is unplugged before starting. This durable OEM kit provides reliable repairs for quieter, more efficient operation. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions jason from HOLDEN, MA very loud squeeling sound The issue was the idler pulley. First I began opening up the front panel based on a youtube video but soon realized the model was slightly different and required a lot more items to remove. I saw the pulley in the back with nothing in the way so I put the front panel crap back on and removed the rear panel. There it was, very simple to remove and replace. I'm not looking forward to drum rollers though. Hopefully they're aren't as difficult as they appear. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $20.95 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Drum Support Roller Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 200 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1570070 Manufacturer Part Number 12001541 The drum support roller (Dryer Drum Support Roller, Drum Roller and Washer Assembly) holds the drum in the proper position while it spins on the support wheels. This part rotates on the roller shaft which is attached to the rear bulkhead. This part should be replaced whenever it does not rotate easily on the roller shaft. If you’re noticing a thump, scrape, or squeal while your drum is spinning, it may be your drum support rollers. Take a look at your existing drum rollers; if one or both of them are worn or broken, you’ll need to replace them. The drum support roller is subject to constant wearing when your dryer is in use, which causes them to break down over time. This part features 1 roller and 2 small washers, and measures approximately 3 inches in diameter. It is constructed with a combination of plastic, metal and rubber. This model comes in black/beige. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions gerry from west covina,, CA noisy rollers, broken latch first, I unplug the power supply of the dryer then I removed the two screws at the bottom of the dryer then pulled out the front part of the dryer,unplugged the blue & yellow wire for the on/off switch for the door,at the back of the dryer I unscrew the pannel for the belt,disconect the belt,and I unscrew the four screws on both side of the front pannel to remove the front cover of the drum. Once I removed the front cover of the drum I can now remove the drum itself to access the drum support roller. I unscrew the rollers then replace it with the new once. It was an easy job. Thank you. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $32.95 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Oven Bake Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 514 Reviews PartSelect Number PS438018 Manufacturer Part Number 316075103 The Oven Bake Element is a black, metal part which supplies heat to the oven. This element is 19-1/2" wide x 18-1/2" long and has 3-1/2" inserts. It is rated as "Easy" to install by users, and attaches to the bottom of the oven. If you notice visible damage, or that your oven is not receiving heat properly then it may be a problem with this part. Check your model number and user manual to see if this is the right part for you. It is important for you to disconnect your appliance from the power source before performing this repair. After disconnecting your appliance, remove the two screws/nuts connecting the old element, pull it out, and discard if faulty. Simply connect the new element prongs where the old element fit, and screw it back in. You may need a flashlight when making this repair. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Little to no heat when broiling See more... Installation Instructions David from Shawnee, KS Oven woudn't heat 1. Removed two screws, pulled out the element, voltage tested the element and determined it was an open circuit (bad element). 2. Ordered the part from partselect.com 3. Disconnected element, connected the new one, and screwed it back in. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $18.83 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Dryer Drum Support Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752609 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10314173 This drum support roller is sold individually. Most dryers require two. The tri-rings are included. This is a drum support roller for a dryer. It is a genuine replacement part. This part is sold separately. Most dryers require two drum rollers. It is recommended to check and replace both drum support rollers at the same time to ensure proper drum rotation and because they often wear at the same rate. The drum support roller holds the drum in the proper position while it spins on the support wheels. If rollers are worn out, they will cause the dryer to be noisy. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Jeff from Phoenix, AZ noisy and slow drum speed 1. disconnect power,gas and vent lines 2. pop off top of unit 3. remove front of dryer 4. lay unit on its back 5. remove drum and replace pulley assembly,belt,drum rollers of which it has 2 rear and 2 front 6. reverse above and then remove filter-vent housing and scrape off old seal install new seal 7. re-connect power,gas and vent use again 8. only sad part to whole job was seeing how cheaply whirlpool now makes thier products Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $41.95 In Stock Add to cart Crosley Door Shelf Retainer Bar ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 218 Reviews PartSelect Number PS734935 Manufacturer Part Number 240534901 This door shelf retaining bar, also known as refrigerator door bar retainer or fridge door rack, is a genuine part sourced from the original manufacturer. It is a white This manufacturer-certified Door Shelf Retainer Bar, sometimes otherwise known as the door rack or bar retainer, is a white, plastic part which can be easily installed onto the inside of the refrigerator or freezer door to hold items on the door shelves. It holds items in your fridge and will show physical damage if broken or warped, at which time it should be replaced. Check your user manual and model number to see if this part is right for you. No tools are required for this installation, the part should simply snap into place. This part measures roughly 25 inches wide, 3 inches high, and 5 inches deep. This part is sold individually, and we recommend checking the other door shelf retaining bars on your refrigerator or freezer at the same time as ordering this part to ensure that no others need to be replaced, as they often wear or warp at similar speeds. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Cynthia from Long Beach, CA The retainer door shelf broke 3 years ago I just snapped the new shelves in place and !voila! I should've done this years ago. Read more... Crosley Appliance Types Crosley Air Conditioner Parts Crosley Cooktop Parts Crosley Dehumidifier Parts Crosley Dishwasher Parts Crosley Dryer Parts Crosley Freezer Parts Crosley Ice Maker Parts Crosley Microwave Parts Crosley Range Parts Crosley Refrigerator Parts Crosley Washer Parts Crosley Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Crosley Oven Parts Crosley Stove Parts Back to Top Popular Crosley Models Below are the most popular Crosley models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? WWSS2601KW0 CDE6000W Residential WWSS2601KW1 CED126SXQ1 29" ELECTRIC DRYER VED6505GW0 RESIDENTIAL WRT8G3EWN CDE6500W Residential CW6000W Residential CED137SXQ0 29" ELECTRIC DRYER CRTE183AWM Top Freezer CEDS832VQ1 CEDX631VQ1 Residential WRT8G3EWE WWSS2601KW6 CAW9244BW0 AUTOMATIC WASHER WWTR1802KW7 C31113WAV Freestanding, Gas, Electric CFW4700LW0 CRE3860QWA ELECTRIC RANGE CAW9244XQ2 WASHER Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Dacor ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Dacor Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Dacor Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $83.89 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Refrigerator Water Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 98 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11722130 Manufacturer Part Number EDR4RXD1 This water filter (Whirlpool EveryDrop Refrigerator Water Filter, Single Turn Filter) purifies water going to the water dispenser and sometimes the icemaker as well. This part should be replaced if it is causing reduced water flow or just replaced periodically per the owner manual. Replacing this water filter may fix a noisy or leaking fridge, a fridge that is not dispensing water (or reduced flow rate), and an ice maker that is not making ice at all, or not making enough ice. This filter is white, sold individually and measures 8 inches by 3 inches in diameter. This water filter has been updated by the manufacturer. It may appear different but will still function the same. It is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too cold Ice maker dispenses too little ice Ice maker not making ice See more... Installation Instructions Douglas from Byron, NY light on to order water filter Pressed in the end of the filter cover, lowered it down part way. Twisted the old filter 1/4 turn and removed it. Set in the sink to drain. Inserted new filter and twisted it to lock. closed cover. Done. Total time @ 1 Minute. Read more... Your Price $95.01 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Refrigerator Ice Maker Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 87 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11765620 Manufacturer Part Number W10884390 This is an ice maker assembly for various models of refrigerator. This ice maker assembly is used to freeze and eject ice into the ice bucket, then dispense the ice. This ice maker comes with the necessary shut-off arm, as well as a wire harness to properly install it into the freezer compartment of your refrigerator. If your current ice maker is either not producing ice or not breaking the ice up properly, it will need to be replaced. This ice maker assembly is an OEM part and is sold on its own, without any other parts or accessories. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker dispenses too much ice Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice See more... Installation Instructions Raymond from NORTH VENICE, FL Ice maker did not work in the bottom freezer Shut down refrigerator at the breaker. Placed freezer items in a cooler. Removed top shelf. You must release roller covers on each side to remove the shelf ( Two front screws must be removed) Took off freezer door. (4 screws holding the door to the bracket) Disconnected ice maker electronic plug. Totally removed bottom screw holding ice maker. Loosen two top screws and remove ice maker. Reverse process to install. Read more... Your Price $135.34 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Door Gasket - Gray ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 51 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11759515 Manufacturer Part Number W10830162 This refrigerator door gasket is designed to create an airtight seal when the door is closed, helping maintain consistent internal temperatures and energy efficiency. Constructed in gray and equipped with magnets along all sides, it ensures a secure closure that prevents warm air from entering and cold air from escaping. Over time, the gasket may become cracked or lose its sealing ability, leading to symptoms such as condensation on the door or difficulty opening and closing. Replacement is recommended if these issues occur, and installation typically involves removing the old gasket and pressing the new one into the designated groove around the door frame. Proper sealing is essential for optimal appliance performance and food preservation. Fixes these symptoms Door Sweating Door won’t open or close Fridge and Freezer are too warm See more... Installation Instructions Joel from DELRAY BEACH, FL Door gasket wasnt sealing anymore and had some minor cracks First, I removed the old door gasket by pulling it out of the channel it was mounted in, noting the orientation of the gasket. Then, it was a simple matter of lining the new gasket up with the channel and pressing it into the groove. Very easy repair, and the door seals great! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $95.89 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Replacement Ice Maker ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 185 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2121513 Manufacturer Part Number D7824706Q This ice maker (Ice Maker Assembly, Refrigerator Ice Maker) produces ice cubes that are ejected into the storage bucket. It is located in the freezer section of your appliance, mounted on the freezer wall. The ice maker can break from normal wear and accidental damage. If this happens, your refrigerator may no longer make ice cubes, or may not make enough cubes, and the part should be replaced. This model measures approximately 11 inches long and 5 inches wide. It’s constructed of plastic and metal, and comes in black/white/silver. This assembly includes the ice mold and the control device. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Doesn’t stop running Ice maker dispenses too little ice See more... Installation Instructions Bernie from Diamond Bar, CA Icemaker producing few or no cubes and often leaving "kling-ons" on ice tray Interior surface of ice tray felt rough & flaky (coating deteriorated) so cubes would not release. Unplug appliance. Remove timer cover by hand pressure @ edge. Remove single attachment screw & bracket at lower front of icemaker. Disconnect wiring harness from socket @ rear of compartment. Tricky part was determining what type of connection held the other two attachment points along the long edge of the icemaker. I did not have repair manual or useful drawing but looked @ PartsDirect pic of side brackets & used a small mirror to confirm that mine were also some sort of "snap in" attachment. Remove icemaker unit by pushing upward and outward on the unit. I takes a good bit of pressure and will pop loose, but be careful not to break attachment bracket from freezer wall. Scavenge shut off bar and wiring harness from old icemaker once you have it out & attach to new one before installing it back in freezer. Again, you might find a mirror useful to align those pesky snap-in brackets with the new unit. Since you probably kept your freezer running while waiting for the part, the plastic snap-ins will be cold and brittle. I warmed them up first by applying a dampened cloth heated in the microwave to make them a little more pliable. A good push of the new unit towards the snap-ins along with some upward force will get it stable. Reattach the metal screw in bracket & connect the wiring harness to rear plug... and don't forget to plug the whole thing back in. It will take awhile for the first batch of cubes dump as the timer may need to cycle completely around to get to the fill cycle... be patient. Dump the first couple of batches of cubes just to make sure you're free of any residue. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $121.95 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Refrigerator Pantry Drawer Door Cover ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 102 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11723190 Manufacturer Part Number W10827015 This pantry drawer lid is also known as a pantry drawer door or pantry drawer cover. This is a genuine OEM part, and is sold individually. This part helps keep everything inside the drawer. It acts as a cover, and also keeps your drawer at the proper temperature by creating a seal. You may need to replace this part if door does not open or close, or if the drawer is too cold. No tools are required for this replacement, simply push the hinge pins aside to remove the old lid. Consider checking the pantry end cap kit for damage before ordering the pantry drawer lid, as they are often purchased together. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Fridge too cold See more... Installation Instructions Chauncey from Menan, ID Started with a grinding noise in the bottom of the dishwasher, and then the thing just stopped cleaning the dishes. It wasn't pumping any water, I removed the plasic inner parts, used the torx drivers to remove the internal platic plate that covered the sump. Found the food chopper cover and removed it. It had gotten a piece of plastiic wrapped around it. As it spun it had ground the teeth off the end of the drive on the impellor and the food chopper. I replace both as a set and it works fine. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.75 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 78 Reviews PartSelect Number PS884734 Manufacturer Part Number 8009 This an authentic OEM 40-Watt replacement light bulb, used in a number of household appliances. It is specially designed to withstand extreme temperatures, which is why these replacement bulbs are most often used to light the inside of refrigerators and ranges. It features a standard socket base, which means you simply unscrew the burnt-out bulb and screw in the replacement. Depending on the appliance you may require a screwdriver or nut driver to access the light bulb. We recommend you wear work gloves while handling this replacement part. It is constructed of glass and metal and is sold individually. Depending on the appliance and location of the bulb within it, you may want to consider disconnecting power and using a flashlight for easier access to unscrewing and re-screwing in your bulb during this repair. Installation Instructions judie from mays landing, NJ interior drawers were off their rollers pulled the washer out and replaces the top roller system on both sides and the replaced the weels and brackets on the bottom drwaer. however i had trouble putting the dish washer back correctly and had to call a repairman to adjust the dishwasher and alighn it to open and close properly. but i did do good inside. i feel it was easy and a success. thank you for having the supplies for us to attempt to repair it on our own. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Refrigerator Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 95 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12728638 Manufacturer Part Number W11384469 Door switch turns the light off when you close the door. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too warm Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Clint from Rayville, MO Lights inside refrigerator not working I used a flat-head screwdriver to pop out the old light rocker switch. Then, I unplugged the wires, plugged them into the new light rocker switch, and then popped the new switch into the hole. That's it! Lights began working again. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $99.75 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Crisper Drawer ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 110 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11743502 Manufacturer Part Number WP67002659 The crisper drawer in your refrigerator is used for storing various items. If you notice that your current crisper drawer is damaged, you may need to replace it. You may notice that your refrigerator door does not open or close properly, which is a sign that your cripser drawer is damaged. This crisper drawer is made of clear plastic and is roughly 20 inches in length. This part is sold individually and does not come with the plastic faceplate on it. If your current crisper has one, you will need to remove it and transfer it to the new crisper. NOTE: As per the manufacture the crisper drawer has been updated from the original. A new crisper cover may need to be purchased for the drawers to work. Factory dimensions - 12.847" Depth X 15.217" Width X 6.93 High. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Roland from Alexandria, VA The crisper drawers had cracked runners Crisper drawers: 1. Removed crisper drawers from refrigerator. 2. Removed drawer front decoration panels. 3. Unpacked, inspected and rinsed out new drawers. 4. Attached drawer front decoration panels. 5. Transfered vegetables and fruit from old drawers to new drawers. 6. Installed new drawers in refrigerator. 7. Closed refrigerator door. 8. Total time about 15 minutes, no tools required. Ice & Water filter 1. Opened filter compartment cover 2. Removed old filter, drained into sink and placed in the trash. 3. Installed new filter 4. Bled the water line with ice water tap button (be aware when the air in the line exits the spigot, it create a lot of spray and you may need to cleanup the water that splash out of the bottom of the container used to capture the water during the bleeding process.) 5. Close the filter cover and refrigerator door. 6. Total time about 10 minutes and no tools required. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 39 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12731166 Manufacturer Part Number W11396033 This light switch may also be known as a refrigerator door switch or a light switch kit, and is compatible with your refrigerator. The function of the refrigerator door switch is to turn on the light when your fridge door is open, and to make sure it is off when your refrigerator door is closed. The reason you would need to replace this part is if your light is not turning on when your door is open. For this repair, you will need a putty knife, and a small flat-blade screwdriver. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Kevin from Beckley, WV while closing the door, the light switch fouled, resulting in the switch breaking I used a flat screwdriver and released the lock tab on the bottom of the light switch, and pried the switch out, being careful to not damage the plastic around the mounting place of the switch, unplugged wiring from old switch, plugged in the new one and pushed the new switch into place. Job finished light switch now working. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $42.95 In Stock Add to cart Dacor Refrigerator Capacitor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 44 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11757023 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10662129 This capacitor (Refrigerator and Freezer Compressor Run Capacitor, Run Capacitor) provides the voltage or energy current required to start the compressor and keep it running. It allows the compressor in your appliance to easily cycle on and off. This capacitor mounts directly onto the compressor starting relay. If the capacitor is faulty the compressor may get unusually hot and draw excessive amperage. It the compressor overheats, it may fail to run until it cools down again. The compressor may also get noisy from overheating. If this part is totally electrically open, it is defective (often due to overheating) and needs to be replaced. The part measures 1 inch by 1-1/2 inches, and is constructed of plastic with two metal wire terminals. This item includes 1 capacitor, sold individually. This part comes in black. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Freezer not defrosting Freezer section too warm See more... Installation Instructions garth from forest lake, MN My refrigerator stopped cooling and the freezer section stopped freezing I knew the chances of all the freon leaking out was unlikely so I looked at the wiring to the compressor and there was a capacitor and a starter/overload so i figured I would start there. I went on line and found the parts at this site and they were less than the minimum service call charge for a service tech so I figured what the heck let's give her a shot so I did give it a shot. I ordered the parts and they were there in less time than a service tech could come out and i installed the parts and guess what for 90.00 in parts and 15 minutes in time I repaired my refrigerator. Thanks guys, It took less time to order the parts than it did to make the repair so thanks, your website rocks and is very well designed so my hat is off to you guys! Read more... Dacor Appliance Types Dacor Cooktop Parts Dacor Dishwasher Parts Dacor Grill Parts Dacor Microwave Parts Dacor Range Parts Dacor Refrigerator Parts Dacor Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Dacor Fridge Parts Dacor Oven Parts Dacor Stove Parts Back to Top Popular Dacor Models Below are the most popular Dacor models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? SGM365 EF36BNDFSS DACOR REFRIGERATION SGM304 CPS130 IF36BNDFSF CPS230 ECPS130 MCS130 EF36BNNFSS SGM464EM Dacor Range/Stove/Oven Model SGM464EM Parts SGM464EM Dacor Range/Stove/Oven Model SGM464EM/After SN: MF0000000 (SGM464EM/AfterSN:MF0000000) Parts SGM464EM Cooktop SGM464EM Cooktop ECS130 IVS1 Vent System ECPS230 SGM304S COOKTOP EF48BDCBSS DACOR REFRIGERATION EF42BDCBSS DACOR REFRIGERATION CPD230 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Ego ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Ego Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Ego Parts Your Price $14.71 In Stock Add to cart Ego Lower Housing Assy PartSelect Number PS18279542 Manufacturer Part Number 2826636001 Your Price $7.10 In Stock Add to cart Ego Key Assembly PartSelect Number PS18279685 Manufacturer Part Number 2827673001 Your Price $6.92 In Stock Add to cart Ego Roller Wheel PartSelect Number PS18281990 Manufacturer Part Number 3131072001 Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Ego Washer PartSelect Number PS16671634 Manufacturer Part Number 5650510001 Your Price $32.17 On Order Add to cart Ego Scraper PartSelect Number PS19198768 Manufacturer Part Number 3128433001 Your Price $6.15 On Order Add to cart Ego Knob PartSelect Number PS19199048 Manufacturer Part Number 3402804001 Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Ego Hexagon Flange Bolt PartSelect Number PS18303904 Manufacturer Part Number 5640352001 Your Price $6.15 In Stock Add to cart Ego Lower Housing Assy PartSelect Number PS18279186 Manufacturer Part Number 2824019002 Your Price $6.15 Special Order Add to cart Ego Prevailing Torque Type Hexagon PartSelect Number PS18303838 Manufacturer Part Number 5630371001 Your Price $5.58 In Stock Add to cart Ego Spool Assembly PartSelect Number PS18279501 Manufacturer Part Number 2826062001 Ego Appliance Types Ego Chainsaw Parts Ego Edger Parts Ego Hedge Trimmer Parts Ego Lawn Mower Parts Ego Lawn Tractor Accessories Parts Ego Leaf Blower / Vacuum Parts Ego Snow Blower Parts Ego Trimmer Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Electrolux ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Electrolux Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Electrolux Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $11.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Crisper Cover Support - Front ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 84 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2358880 Manufacturer Part Number 241993101 This crisper cover front support is used to keep the crisper shelf in place and may need replacing if the door will not open or close. This white, OEM part measures roughly 1 inch in diameter and can be used for the front and the rear support, as designed by the manufacturer, and mounts to the inside cabinet wall. Replacing this part is an easy repair, and will require a small flat blade screwdriver, a putty knife, and a soft hammer. Remove the crisper and shelf from the refrigerator before replacing the support. The crisper cover front support is held in place with a locking pin. To remove the old part, you will first need to push the pin into the interior of the cabinet using the screwdriver, and then you can pull the support out with a putty knife. If you cannot get the pin out you can use a flat-blade screwdriver to push it down and out of sight and it will not harm anything in your refrigerator After removing the pin and attaching the new support, simply use the soft hammer to lock the new pin in place. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Peter from Amherst, NY Support studs were broken Used pliers to remove the residual broken stud that was still attached to the wall of the refrigerator, and then just pushed the new part in place. The longest time was spent in removing the food and crisper drawers. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $39.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 235 Reviews PartSelect Number PS429871 Manufacturer Part Number 240338001 This manufacturer-approved Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin is made of white plastic and is easy to install. It is used to hold heavier items in the fridge, and you'll be able to visually see if the part is broken. This particular shelf attaches to the fridge door and is designed for the UPPER shelf. You can check if this model is right for your appliance by checking your user manual and model number. This is a simple repair that requires only that you snap the old part out of place and snap the new one into place. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Connie from Franklin, IN grandkids had broken the top and middle shelf bins in my refrigerator door I simply snapped the proper pieces in place. It was sooo easy! Read more... Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Latch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11766033 Manufacturer Part Number 5304505088 This is a door latch, also known as a door strike, for some models of washing machine. This part secures to the door of the washer and secures the door when it is shut, to ensure the inside drum of the washer does not leak. If your washer does not start properly and/or shut all the way, this latch is likely causing the issues you are experiencing and needs to be replaced. This latch is made of a brushed metal material and features two holes to secure it with screws. To replace this latch, simply unthread the screws of the old latch to remove it, and secure the new latch with the existing screws. This latch is not sold with any other parts or accessories, so any securing screws are sold separately. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t close Lid or door won’t close Locking Issues See more... Installation Instructions Kim from LAFAYETTE, CA latch broke, door wouldn't shut, washer wouldn't run - no fun I googled the problem, read the recommendation found the part and read that it was an easy fix. Took the broken part off the door and noticed the broke off piece was in the latch on the machine. Ordered the two parts, paid the $30 2-day delivery. Parts arrived and the machine was up and runnning in under 5 minutes Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $120.62 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Refrigerator Crisper Pan ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 54 Reviews PartSelect Number PS429854 Manufacturer Part Number 240337103 This manufacturer-certified Refrigerator Crisper Pan is a clear plastic pan which easily inserts into your fridge's crisper area in order to hold items. In some models of refrigerator this model is the same pan for both the meat and vegetable bins, but please note that this part is sold individually and not part of a complete kit. If broken then the part should be replaced. Refer to your user manual and model number to see if this crisper is right for your fridge. This bin measures approximately 11 inches deep and 22 inches long. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Melody from Hammond, IN pan-crisper broke / drawer support rail broke pan-crisper pan was easy because is just slide in. the drawer support rail just took a screwdriver to unscrew the screw and replace it with new rail and put the screw back in. The thing I like the best is the fast service of the parts to me. Read more... Your Price $80.32 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Refrigerator Water Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 8 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16218782 Manufacturer Part Number FPPWFU01 The PurePour water filter keeps your Frigidaire refrigerator’s water clean and fresh. Designed for models with a ceiling-mounted cylindrical filter, it’s an easy, genuine replacement for safe and great-tasting drinking water. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker not making ice See more... Installation Instructions Marlene from SCOTTSDALE, AZ I had a light come on and tell me I needed a new water filter Pushed the old filter in and it came out then I pushed in the new one. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $90.98 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Refrigerator Water Inlet Valve ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 123 Reviews PartSelect Number PS7784018 Manufacturer Part Number 242252702 The function of the Refrigerator Water Inlet Valve (Triple Solenoid Water-Valve, Water Valve, Water Inlet Valve, Refrigerator Water Inlet Valve Assembly) is to release water from the supply line when activated, and send it through to your water dispenser or ice maker in your refrigerator. The water inlet valve is located at the back of the refrigerator, and connects to the water supply. The valve can break from material fatigue or normal use. If your water inlet valve is malfunctioning, you could be getting a lack of water to the inside of your refrigerator. Your ice maker may not produce cubes or your water dispenser may not work. The water inlet valve must be replaced if the solenoids no longer have continuity or the valve has internal blockage. This valve measures approximately 7 inches long and 4.5 inches wide, and is constructed of plastic and metal. It comes in blue, and includes the valve and mounting bracket. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker dispenses too little ice Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice See more... Installation Instructions Jose from Alexandria, VA water leaking out of refrigerator In my specific appliance the water valve is located in the bottom right hand corner looking at it from the back. To get to it I remove the thin layer of cardboard the covers the back of the fridge. I then proceeded to disconnect the 1/4" copper tubing which is the water feed coming out of the wall. Then I removed the screws that hold the valve assembly in place. I took the water valve out and removed the electrical connections as well as the plastic tubing which feed the water dispenser and the ice maker. To install the new water valve it was just a matter of reversing steps. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $42.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Infinite Burner Switch - Large Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 86 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1145040 Manufacturer Part Number 316436001 The infinite burner switch controls the stove top eight-inch surface burner, which is the large surface element. If your surface element is not warming up, the element can be tested to determine whether or not it is defective. If your element is not defective, then it is more than likely that the infinite burner switch is the issue. Before you install the infinite burner switch you will need to unplug your range from the power supply, or shut off the home circuit breaker. The tools you will need to do this repair include a number one square head screwdriver and a pair of needle nose pliers. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when broiling Oven is too hot See more... Installation Instructions William from Burke, VA Back Burner didn't function We moved into our townhouse about 6 yrs ago. During the home inspection we checked the range and saw the Red light come on when we turned on each burner. After moving in we realized the large back burner did not work. The light came on but the element never got hot. I of course replaced the element but that did not work. Several years passed and we just ignored the issue. We just got by with 3 burners. Lately we realized how much easier it would be to have all four burners working. Knowing that we will be selling our townhome soon we figured we should either fix the problem or replace the range. I didn't want to call a repair man because I didn't want to be charged a $150 to have him come out and they to pay extra for parts (and of course a 2nd visit). So I went to www.Partselect.com and typed in the model of my range. Found the diagrams for my range and saw that from the switch ran a pair of wires to a Universal Receptacle (aka Terminal Block Kit). I figured since the Red light turns on when I turn the switch on it has to be the Terminal Block. I ordered the part from www.Partselect.com ($14.00 including shipping) and replaced the part. The burner still would not get hot. I decided to test the switch. I removed the Control Panel cover (which is secure by 2 screws just below the digital clock). Once the cover was off, I saw the Blue wires going from the switch to the Terminal Block. To test the switch, I disconnected the two Blue Wires from connectors H1 and H2 and temporarily connected them to H1 and H2 of another switch. Sure enough, when I turned the other switch the element got hot. So I placed another order from www.Partselect.com for a replacement switch ($50 including shipping). When that part came, I flipped the electrical circuit going to the range. I then removed the Control Panel cover again. With the new switch in hand (holding it near the old switch still attached to the Control Panel, I used the pliers to pull out each wire from it's connector and place it to it's corresponding connector on the new switch. Once all the wires were connected to the new switch, I pulled the knob of the switch off then used a phillips screwdriver to remove the two screws holding the switch to the control panel. I replaced the old switch with the new one put the screws back in, replaced the knob. Turned the circuit back on and tested to make sure that the element got hot. When it did, then I replaced the Control Panel cover and enjoyed a nice dinner that was cooked in less time than we're accustomed to because of the new burner. So I spent a total of $64.00 to fix our range. Less than half the amount I would've spent if I called for a technican. And far less then buying a new range. Partselect is a great resource for information. They have diagrams and schematics available to view and/or download. And when ordering it's a snap because there's an "Add to Cart" button next to each part it lists. So there's no confusion. I've already recommended Partselect.com to about 5 people. And will continue to do so!! Read more... Your Price $36.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Air Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 13 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12586284 Manufacturer Part Number PAULTRA2 This package contains one carbon activated filter for refrigerators with Pure Air Ultra II filtration systems. The air filter cleans the air and absorbs strong odors from fragrant foods, such as onions, garlic, seafood, and over-ripe fruits and vegetables. By absorbing these unpleasant smells, it will also improve the flavor of your ice cubes. This is a simple repair that does not require tools for installation or removal. Start by removing the plastic wrap on the new filter, remove the cover from the housing inside the refrigerator, remove the old filter, place the new filter into the housing, and close the cover. Depending on the model of your appliance, you may need to reset the filter reminder. This part is OEM official, guaranteeing a smooth install and proper fit. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker not making ice See more... Installation Instructions Sandra from UNION, NJ Drawers were not packaged properly. Had a broken piece on arrival. I can’t repair them. A piece broke from both drawers. They weren’t packaged properly. I didn’t even see fragile on the outside of the box. I need to return the drawers. I tried to go to The postal office but they’re charging over 100 dollars to ship both items. I shouldn’t have to pay for shipping. I need these items resent but packaged properly to avoid damage please. Read more... Your Price $25.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Upper Or Lower Mullion Hinge Pin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 9 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2358752 Manufacturer Part Number 241779401 This mullion hinge pin is a genuine OEM replacement part, measuring 1.5 inches by 1.25 inches by 0.85 inches. It is specially designed to secure the mullion in refrigerators, allowing it to pivot and ensure smooth door movement. The mullion acts as a barrier between the refrigerator and freezer to maintain the desired temperatures for each section. A damaged or loose hinge pin will result in temperature fluctuations, frost buildup along the door edges, and difficulties opening and closing the door. Therefore, it is important that you replace the pin as soon as it is no longer functioning. Note that your appliance may require two hinge pins, one near the top of the mullion and one near the bottom. Remove the mullion cover, detach the hinge pin, and install a the new one into the hinge assembly. Place the cover back on and verify that the hinge assembly is working by carefully opening and closing the refrigerator doors to check that they are moving smoothly. Each sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Door Sweating Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Bernard from NEW WINDSOR, NY 1 Broken plastic mullion hinge. Mullion was not operating correctly. Removed screw on Mullion so that the replacement hinge can slide onto the small plastic bracket on the door. Slid the mullion on the hinges and screwed in muliion (1 screw). Read more... Your Price $11.95 In Stock Add to cart Electrolux Refrigerator Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 3 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12071116 Manufacturer Part Number 5304508016 This crisper pan roller is sourced directly from the manufacturer for use in your refrigerator. It is a genuine OEM part that is designed to fit just like the original for your convenience. The roller is a plastic wheel-like component that attached to the sides of the crisper pan and allows it slide in and out of the refrigerator smoothly. The rollers allow users to easily and conveniently access the contents of the drawers. Over time, the roller may wear down, break, or fall off. If the roller is faulty, you may notice difficulty sliding the drawer in and out, or the drawer may feel loose and unstable when you pull it out. Each crisper pan roller is sold individually. Ensure that you order the correct number of rollers for your refrigerator. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions hellen from SPRINGFIELD, MO Roller screw recipients broke out. Can't be repaired. Was not able to repair. Wasn't rollers I needed. Plastic screw recipients in front on frame had broken out so rollers weren't the problem. Tried gluing back pieces to no avail. Crisper frames are poorly designed. Read more... Electrolux Appliance Types Electrolux Cooktop Parts Electrolux Dishwasher Parts Electrolux Dryer Parts Electrolux Freezer Parts Electrolux Ice Maker Parts Electrolux Microwave Parts Electrolux Microwave Oven Combo Parts Electrolux Range Parts Electrolux Vent Hood Parts Electrolux Refrigerator Parts Electrolux Trash Compactor Parts Electrolux Washer Parts Electrolux Washer Dryer Combo Parts Electrolux Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Electrolux Fridge Parts Electrolux Oven Parts Electrolux Stove Parts Back to Top Popular Electrolux Models Below are the most popular Electrolux models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? EFLS617STT0 EFLS617STT >=27" FRONT LOAD WASHING MACH EIFLW55HIW0 EIED55HIW0 EWDW6505GS0 EFLS617SIW0 EFLS617SIW >=27" FRONT LOAD WASHING MACH EIFLS55IIW0 EIFLS60LT1 EIFLS60LT >=27" FRONT LOAD WASHING MACH EIMED55IIW0 EW23CS65GS1 EW23CS65GS FREESTANDING SIDE BY SIDE CD EFME617STT0 EFME617STT >=27" FL ELECTRIC VENTED DRYE EIDW6105GS1 EFLS517SIW0 EFLS517SIW >=27" FRONT LOAD WASHING MACH EIFLW55HMB0 EIDW6105GS1A EIDW5705PS0A EIDW5705PS BI FULLSIZE DISH WASHER - STA EIMED60LT3 EIMED60LT >=27" FL ELECTRIC VENTED DRYE E36GC70FSS1 Gas EI32AR65JS1 EIED55HMB0 E23CS78EPS0 E23CS78EPS0 REFRIGERATOR SBS + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Estate ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Estate Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Estate Parts Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Estate Multi Rib Belt - 92-1/4" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 429 Reviews PartSelect Number PS346995 Manufacturer Part Number 341241 This dryer drum belt (Whirlpool Dryer Belt, Drive Belt) has four ridges, three grooves and is 1/4" wide, and 92 1/4 inches in length. It comes in black and is made of rubber. The belt transfers the rotation of the motor to turn the drum. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Ray from Denton, TX Dryer tub belt broke Removed the two screws that attatch the lent channel to the top of the dryer, then lifted the top of the dryer by pushing in on the two locking tabs located at the front , left and right , corners of the dryer top with a small flat head screw driver. The top of the dryer will fold back out of the way. At this point I removed the two 1/4 inch screws that are located on the inside of the dryer front left and right corners that hold the front panel/door to the two side panels. Now I was able to lift the front panel up and set it to the side. The bottom of the front panel that contains the dryer door that I just removed was held on the bottom by two clips that slide into slots on the front panel and did not require any removal to disconnect the bottom of the front panel, just pull up on the front panel. Since the tub was held in place by floating on a seal at the back of the dryer and a seal on the front panel , which I just removed the tub is now free floating except for the two alignment roller wheels at the bottom of the tub. It is easier if you lay the dryer on its back at this point with front of the tub pointing up. I pulled the tub out and cleaned the years of built up lent and removed all the pieces of the old , destroyed, belt. Note, the belt tentioner is located at the front of the motor which on the bottom right hand side. If your belt is broke like mine the tensioner may/will fall to the back of the dryer when you tilt it back, but do not worry. Once the dryer was cleaned up I put the tub back in place , still on its back and made sure the two alignment rollers were in place and rolled freely when the tub was turned by hand. Another note, my original belt tensioner did not have a rolling wheel that the belt rode on , but was a semi-circle smooth surface that the belt remained in constant friction with when the dyer was running, so I made sure the replacement tensioner I ordered with my new belt did have a rolling wheel that the belt would ride on, which I believe will reduce wear and extend the belt life. The new belt came with a diagram of the belt and tensioner routing which was helpful. Note: do not take the tensioner wheel off/apart when trying to route the belt. Follow the instructions routing diagram. The tensioner is held in palce by inserting the bottom back half into the slot in the bottom floor of the dryer making sure it is aligned with the belt pully on the shaft of the dryer motor. The dryer is still on its back side. Now, it was easier for me to route the belt around the center of the tub, following the marks from the original belt, and hold in in place in a few spots with masking tape and then route it thru the tensioner and onto the front pully of the motor. Make sure you have the grooves of the belt against the tub and the grooves are aligned with the pully on the motor. Now you can remove the masking tape that was holding the belt around the tub and spin the tub by hand watching the belt making sure it is not in a bind and is traveling around the motor pully , tensioner and tub freely. Make sure the tub is still sealed on the back side wall. As you turn the tub by hand you can adjust the belt by hand so that is following the original marks around the tub left by the orignal belt. Also double check the two alingment rollers and make sure they are spinning and on track. Now put the front panel with the door on by sliding it onto the two clips that are one the bottom at each side and put the two screws in that hold the front panel to the two side panels. Now stand the dryer back up and spin the tub by hand again making sure it has a good seal on the back side and on the front panel. Pull the top back down and put the two screws in that hold the lent channle to the top. I am not sure when the belt started failing on my dryer, but was amazed at how quiet it runs now. Guess I was use to the extra noise made by a dryer that was about to die. This was a cheap and easy repair and glad I did it myself. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.41 In Stock Add to cart Estate Dishwasher Rack Track Stop ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 144 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11746591 Manufacturer Part Number WP8565925 The rack track stop on your dishwasher is designed to stop the dish rack at the appropriate place when opening and closing the rack. If your dishwasher is not cleaning your dishes properly, the rack stop may need to be replaced. The replacement part may differ slightly from the broken part, depending on the model. However, the different styles are interchangeable. This product is sold individually and comes in both a white and grey plastic version. Many of our customers found this repair to be very easy and takes less than 30 minutes to complete. Simply snap the old part out and snap the new part into place. You will not require any tools to complete the job. This is an authentic part approved by the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Steven from WASHINGTON, DC Upper rack wheels had begun to break off. Shoddy design and materials. I carefully followed the video instructions step by step. They were detailed, clear, and pointed out how to avoid installation mistakes. WIthout the video I would have been tempted to just figure it out myself - ("Hey, I'm a handy guy. How hard could it be, right?"). With the video I sailed right through with no dumb errors. The new rack adjuster wheel set is much sturdier than the Whirlpool original. It made sense to get new rack stops at the same time. Thank you, PartSelect. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.48 In Stock Add to cart Estate Maintenance Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 356 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373087 Manufacturer Part Number 4392065 The drum support roller kit (Dryer Repair Kit) allows the dryer to tumble properly by supporting the drum cylinder. The idler pulley provides the tension required for a multi-ribbed belt. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. If your dryer is damaged, it may be making loud, squeaking, and/or squealing noises while the drum is turning. This is from normal wear and tear. The drum may eventually stop turning all together. This is a sign the part should be replaced. This is one complete maintenance kit. The kit includes the drum belt, drum support rollers, one idler pulley, four tri-rings, and one clip. The parts are constructed of plastic, metal, and rubber, and come in black/white/silver. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Marks left on clothes See more... Installation Instructions DENNIS from ALTOONA, FL Broken drive belt Grow a second set of hands. Always unplug any appliance. Remove lint screen. remove two screws (philips Head). I took a wooden shim lightly tapped w/hammer to pop front of dryer top free. Mine worked on hinges and just flipped back til it rested against the wall. Removed two 5/16 screws inside holding face on carefully raise face section off the support clips at either side on the bottom. Pull drum out (I have the large style drum commercial size [approx.). Clean the inside free of all lint (known to be fire hazard). Sling new belt around drum. Get newly grown set of hands to hold drum in place. Pinch belt to fit between tensioner, lift tensioner and place belt around motor pulley. Spin drum couple times to make certain belt isn't twisted. Reverse dismantle proccess to put back together. Replace all parts that come with kit, you'll feel better knowing you got a new dryer, almost. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $55.39 In Stock Add to cart Estate Heating Element - 240v 5400w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 301 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334313 Manufacturer Part Number 279838 The heating element (Flat Can Heating Element 5400W, Heating Element, Whirlpool Dryer Heating Element, Dryer Heating Element) provides heat to the dryer. It is metal and measures 10.5 inches long, 7.5 inches wide, 2 inches deep. The element attaches to the heater housing. This part can break as a result of wear and tear. This can be material fatigue or prolonged high temperature exposure. If broken your clothes may not dry because of a lack of heat. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. First check the thermal fuse on the blower housing before deciding to replace the heating element. Fixes these symptoms Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Gadi from Irvine, CA Dryer motor runs, but no heat To reach the heating element you only need to open the back cover of the dryer (about 8 nut-head screws). Remember to disconnect the power. To remove the heating element there are two small nut-head screws. Remove the two electric wires. Then you can pull the heating element away. You can check the heating element with an ohm-meter or visually inspect it to see if the heating element spiral wire is broken. Don't hurry to dispose the old element. My model includes a small electric safety part. You'll need to transfer it to the new heating element (that comes without it).. Good luck. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Estate Dryer Thermal Fuse ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 376 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741460 Manufacturer Part Number WP3392519 The Dryer Thermal Fuse (Thermal Cutoff, Temperature Fuse) is a 2 by ½ inch, white, plastic safety mechanism that stops the flow of electricity to the motor circuit when a dryer overheats. If the fuse is missing or broken, your dryer will not start. A thermal fuse fails when the exhaust temperature exceeds the fuse rating, that is when the temperature rises above the temperature that the fuse is designed to handle. This can occur when a heating element is shorted, a regulating thermostat or thermister fails, or with a partially restricted exhaust vent. The fuse attaches to the blower wheel housing. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. This is a one-time fuse, meaning it cannot be re-set. The replacement part features two 3/16 inch terminals. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions ANTHONY from CHESHIRE, CT Dryer was working, but no heat. First I unplugged the dryer, then removed the back panel, this exposed most all of the wiring and I could see the heater coils. Not knowing what the problem was I started looking at the coils and could not see any broken parts. So then checked the thermal fuse for continuity I removed the two wires from it with a small pair of needle nose pliers, it was held in place by two screws, once they were removed the fuse came out easily, I checked continuity with a volt meter placing the meter on X1 Ohms and could not get a reading. I replaced with a new one and put it all back together the way I took it apart. Then I plugged it in and it worked first time, I now have warm dry clothes. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $44.95 In Stock Add to cart Estate Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 351 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752778 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10321304 This refrigerator door bin is a genuine OEM replacement designed to fit many side-by-side refrigerator models. Compatible with brands like KitchenAid, Maytag, and Amana, it attaches to the interior door, providing storage for jars and bottles. Featuring a clear design with white trim, this bin is both durable and functional. Installation is tool-free—simply align and snap into place. Verify your refrigerator’s model number before ordering to ensure compatibility, as dimensions may vary slightly. Restore your refrigerator's storage capacity and organization with this high-quality replacement door bin. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice See more... Installation Instructions JULIA from BRONX, NEW YORK, NY replacing parts only the prices you had were great, now I see there was an increase in the parts. thank you Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $85.84 In Stock Add to cart Estate Refrigerator Crisper Drawer With Humidity Control ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 492 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11739119 Manufacturer Part Number WP2188656 The crisper drawer (Crisper Pan, Refrigerator Crisper Drawer) with humidity control is meant to keep your vegetables and fruit as fresh as possible by allowing you to regulate the humidity levels within the drawer. It attaches on the inside of your refrigerator to the bottom of the crisper shelf. This drawer can break from misuse or accidental damage. It is also subject to material fatigue over time. If broken or damaged, it may be difficult to slide the drawer in and out, and it should be replaced. This plastic drawer measures 14.92 inches long, 7.6 inches high, and 16.5 inches wide and comes in white/clear. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Door Sweating Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions JULIA from BRONX, NEW YORK, NY replacing parts only the prices you had were great, now I see there was an increase in the parts. thank you Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $27.17 In Stock Add to cart Estate Dryer Cycling Thermostat ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 102 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741405 Manufacturer Part Number WP3387134 This thermostat (Dryer Operating Thermostat, Dryer Cycling Thermostat, Cycling Thermostat, Dryer Thermostat) is used to maintain a temperature of 155 degrees in the dryer drum. The internal bias heater also allows this thermostat to provide a low heat temperature of approximately 140 degrees when the low temperature setting is selected. The part measures 2 by 1.5 inches, comes in black/silver and is constructed of plastic and metal. The thermostat attaches to the blower wheel housing. Fixes these symptoms Heat stays on after drum has stopped Not Heating Timer Not Working See more... Installation Instructions Tom from High Point, NC Dryer blew cold air. PartSelect is great for providing parts as requested. Unfortunately, neither of the 2 parts I ordered were on my machine. My bad for not looking at the actual part instead of the description. A word to the wise! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.95 In Stock Add to cart Estate Chrome Drip Bowl - 8 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 50 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750107 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10196405 This manufacturer-certified drip bowl is also known as a drip pan, and it is designed for use with cooktops and ranges. It sits below 8-inch burner elements and catches drips and spills from the cookware on the burner. The diameter of the drip bowl is approximately 10 inches. This replacement might appear slightly different, but it will fit your appliance. You will need no tools to complete this repair. Simply remove the burner element, remove the old bowl, line up the hole on the new bowl with the terminal block and drop it into place. Make sure the bowl is flat before reinstalling the element. While you have the element out you should inspect the terminals for corrosion, damage, or discolouration. If you notice any of those things you should also replace the element and terminal block. You will need to replace your drip bowl if it is lost, damaged, or can no longer be cleaned. This replacement part is sold individually. To extend the life of your new drip bowl we recommend you clean it regularly with soap and water. We recommend only using the recommended drip bowl for your appliance; generic versions will not fit properly which could affect the performance of your elements and cause long-term damage. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $8.36 In Stock Add to cart Estate Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 177 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2376034 Manufacturer Part Number 8206232A This 40w light bulb is a replacement bulb constructed of glass and metal. It is an easy-to-install electrical part which produces 40w of light. If the bulb won't light up then it may be broken and should be replaced. The bulb attaches directly to an appropriate light socket and has a small screw-in base. To access the exterior light bulb, you will need to remove the panel on the bottom of the microwave using a Phillips screwdriver. If your exterior light bulb has not been changed before, it is probably held in place with some silicone. You will need to cut away this silicone to remove the old bulb. If you cannot access the silicone with a utility knife, it can be removed using dental floss. Once the silicone is removed, simply unscrew the old bulb, and replace it with the new one. Be sure to disconnect the power to the microwave before you begin this repair. This light bulb measures about 1 1/8 inches. We do not recommend using a higher-wattage bulb for this appliance, and can only recommend this specific bulb. If fixing the bulb does not solve your microwave light issue, it's possibly a problem with the socket, which means the socket and/or board will need to be replaced. This can be a more dangerous repair, so consult your user manual or a technician before attempting. Installation Instructions Chris from Cedar Hill, TX Burned out light under microwave and Filters needed changing I just removed the multiple screws which held the hood cover on. I then attempted to remove the light bulbs from the socket. This proved impossible because the bulbs were so fragile from the heat and grease build up. To make this task much easier and probably safer, just replace the bulb housing and light bulb. The bulb housing unplugs very easily. Just replace it then screw your new bulb in. P.S. Be sure to unplug appliance before you start. The filters are very easy to replace. No tools needed. Hope this helps. Read more... Estate Appliance Types Estate Dishwasher Parts Estate Dryer Parts Estate Microwave Parts Estate Range Parts Estate Refrigerator Parts Estate Washer Parts Back to Top Popular Estate Models Below are the most popular Estate models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? EED4400WQ0 TT18TKXSQ00 TAWS800JQ1 Residential ETW4400WQ0 TS22AFXKQ05 Side-by-side TEDS740PQ0 Residential TS25AFXKQ03 Side-by-side TAWX700JQ1 Residential TEDS840JQ2 Residential TEDX640PQ0 Residential ETW4400XQ0 TEDX640JQ1 Residential ETW4400WQ1 TT18DKXRQ01 EED4300TQ0 Residential TS25AFXKQ04 Side-by-side TEDS840PQ0 Residential TEDX640PQ1 Residential TS25CGXTD00 EED4300SQ0 Residential Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Gibson ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Gibson Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Gibson Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $32.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Oven Bake Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 514 Reviews PartSelect Number PS438018 Manufacturer Part Number 316075103 The Oven Bake Element is a black, metal part which supplies heat to the oven. This element is 19-1/2" wide x 18-1/2" long and has 3-1/2" inserts. It is rated as "Easy" to install by users, and attaches to the bottom of the oven. If you notice visible damage, or that your oven is not receiving heat properly then it may be a problem with this part. Check your model number and user manual to see if this is the right part for you. It is important for you to disconnect your appliance from the power source before performing this repair. After disconnecting your appliance, remove the two screws/nuts connecting the old element, pull it out, and discard if faulty. Simply connect the new element prongs where the old element fit, and screw it back in. You may need a flashlight when making this repair. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Little to no heat when broiling See more... Installation Instructions David from Shawnee, KS Oven woudn't heat 1. Removed two screws, pulled out the element, voltage tested the element and determined it was an open circuit (bad element). 2. Ordered the part from partselect.com 3. Disconnected element, connected the new one, and screwed it back in. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $41.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Door Shelf Retainer Bar ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 218 Reviews PartSelect Number PS734935 Manufacturer Part Number 240534901 This door shelf retaining bar, also known as refrigerator door bar retainer or fridge door rack, is a genuine part sourced from the original manufacturer. It is a white This manufacturer-certified Door Shelf Retainer Bar, sometimes otherwise known as the door rack or bar retainer, is a white, plastic part which can be easily installed onto the inside of the refrigerator or freezer door to hold items on the door shelves. It holds items in your fridge and will show physical damage if broken or warped, at which time it should be replaced. Check your user manual and model number to see if this part is right for you. No tools are required for this installation, the part should simply snap into place. This part measures roughly 25 inches wide, 3 inches high, and 5 inches deep. This part is sold individually, and we recommend checking the other door shelf retaining bars on your refrigerator or freezer at the same time as ordering this part to ensure that no others need to be replaced, as they often wear or warp at similar speeds. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Cynthia from Long Beach, CA The retainer door shelf broke 3 years ago I just snapped the new shelves in place and !voila! I should've done this years ago. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $40.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Lower Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 148 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12585623 Manufacturer Part Number 5304517203 The Lower Spray Arm is used in your dishwasher to spray water and clean your dishes. If broken there will be visible damage or your dishes may no longer be cleaned properly. If your spray arm is broken (due to general wear or high heat), it should be replaced. Your lower spray arm will be located at the bottom of your dishwasher tub. Check your user manual and model number to ensure this model is right for you. This version is plastic and metal and comes in gray/blue. We recommend you wear work gloves to keep your hands safe when installing and disconnect power to the appliance. You will also want to make sure that you turn off the water supply to your dishwasher. From here, you will want to open the dishwasher, pull out the lower rack and set it aside. Remove the lower wash arm. On each side of the bottom of the spray arm, there are small locking tabs that can be pushed aside using a flathead screwdriver. Once released, the spray arm can easily be pulled off the dishwasher. Put the new lower wash arm in place and push it down to lock it in. Ensure it is spinning freely and does not hit the heating element. Return the lower dish rack into place and then close the dishwasher door. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Leaking Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Donna from Madison, OH spray arm keeps melting I have had to keep replacing the spray arm on the bottom of my dishwasher which takes like 2 seconds to do.. First you open the dishwasher and than pull the bottom basked forward and reach down and pull the spray arm up and pop the bottom of the spray arm off and put it on the new spray arm and slip it back into the dishwasher over the thing that makes it spin around.. but the tricky part is and I didn't know this and this is why my dishwasher spray arm kept falling over and melting on the heating element.. you have to turn it till it clicks in.. and your done.. Read more... VIDEOS! 60% OFF Your Price $19.94 $49.81 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Door Shelf Retainer Bar ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 110 Reviews PartSelect Number PS734936 Manufacturer Part Number 240534701 The Door Shelf Retainer Bar, also known as a refrigerator door rack, is a white, plastic part which can be easily installed onto your fridge door. It holds items in your fridge and will show physical damage if broken, at which time it should be replaced. Check your user manual and model number to see if this part is right for you. To install this part, you will need to remove the old one by unlocking the tabs, which can be slid with your fingers. To install the new shelf, line it up with the shelf cut-outs, over the tabs, and gently press it down to lock it into place. This part generally fits the middle door shelf of refrigerators. This is a part that frequently requires multiple parts per refrigerator. Because it is sold individually, you will need to purchase as many door racks as necessary to complete your repair. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Lannie from Buffalo, WY door rack was broken pulled broke rack off, snapped new one in place. Yeah!! No more broken jars on the floor. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $51.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Refrigerator Door Shelf Retainer Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 206 Reviews PartSelect Number PS429868 Manufacturer Part Number 240337901 This refrigerator door shelf attaches to the inside of the refrigerator door, typically holds jars and bottles, The manufacturer-approved Refrigerator Door Shelf Retainer Bar, sometimes known as the door rack or bar retainer, is a white, plastic part which can be easily installed onto your fridge door. Just snap the old part up and out of place, and push to snap the new part in its place. This part holds items in your fridge like jars and bottles and will show physical damage if broken, at which time it should be replaced. Check your user manual and model number to see if this part is right for you, as there are likely to be several different sizes and part numbers for the various different door racks in your fridge. You want to make sure you've selected the right one! This part is 24.25 inches wide and 3.75 inches deep and features open square latches. This part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Noisy Touchpad does not respond See more... Installation Instructions Connie from Franklin, IN grandkids had broken the top and middle shelf bins in my refrigerator door I simply snapped the proper pieces in place. It was sooo easy! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $11.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Crisper Cover Support - Front ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 84 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2358880 Manufacturer Part Number 241993101 This crisper cover front support is used to keep the crisper shelf in place and may need replacing if the door will not open or close. This white, OEM part measures roughly 1 inch in diameter and can be used for the front and the rear support, as designed by the manufacturer, and mounts to the inside cabinet wall. Replacing this part is an easy repair, and will require a small flat blade screwdriver, a putty knife, and a soft hammer. Remove the crisper and shelf from the refrigerator before replacing the support. The crisper cover front support is held in place with a locking pin. To remove the old part, you will first need to push the pin into the interior of the cabinet using the screwdriver, and then you can pull the support out with a putty knife. If you cannot get the pin out you can use a flat-blade screwdriver to push it down and out of sight and it will not harm anything in your refrigerator After removing the pin and attaching the new support, simply use the soft hammer to lock the new pin in place. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Peter from Amherst, NY Support studs were broken Used pliers to remove the residual broken stud that was still attached to the wall of the refrigerator, and then just pushed the new part in place. The longest time was spent in removing the food and crisper drawers. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $52.31 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Refrigerator Center Crisper Drawer Slide Rail - White ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 205 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11757048 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10671238 This is a center crisper rail for your refrigerator. This part acts as a support rail for the crisper drawer by holding the center of the crisper frame. You will need to replace this part is if your current drawer is not opening or closing properly. This crisper rail is white and it is made entirely of plastic. It is roughly 13.5 inches long, and 2.5 inches wide. This is an easy repair which requires no tools. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Door Sweating Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Ruth from Roxbury, MA Cracked & Snapped Center Crisper Rail A very easy fix took all of five minutes Read more... Your Price $34.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Refrigerator Door Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 244 Reviews PartSelect Number PS429724 Manufacturer Part Number 240323001 This door bin (Bottom Door Bin, Refrigerator Door Bin, Door Shelf Bin, Refrigerator Door Bin) is a movable bin mounted on the inner door to hold food items, bottles, and jars. Over time, a cold refrigerator can cause plastic to become fragile and break down. This can lead to other issues in the refrigerator. When the door bin will not hold securely onto the inner door panel, it must be replaced. This door bin measures 5.75 inches high, 16 inches wide, by 4.25 inches deep and is made of white plastic. Sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Door won’t open or close Ice maker not making ice See more... Installation Instructions Erik from Evans, GA Aged parts broken After sitting in a cold refrigerator for year after year, plastic becomes brittle and breaks. This is what started happening to my shelves and door bins. The problem a lot of times is getting the right part since some of the parts do not have numbers. This website gives a accurate description and best of all photos on an inch grid, so I can measure what I have and find what I need. This time everything was perfect and fit easily. took no time and just like that I have almost double the space again. Funny how that works. Once before I didn't get the right piece so just pay attention to the dimensions. Read more... Your Price $14.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Chrome Drip Bowl - 6" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 109 Reviews PartSelect Number PS437596 Manufacturer Part Number 316048414 The drip bowl catches grease and spills that come from cooking on your stove top. They are located under the heating elements. Drip bowls are often neglected and can become rusted and cracked. If your drip bowl is damaged, it could allow grease, food, or other spills to drip inside your range. This could become a fire hazard. This 6 inch chrome drip bowl fits most electric ranges. Before you replace your damaged drip bowl, make sure the element is turned off and cool to the touch. To replace the drip bowl, remove the element, replace the current drip bowl, and reattach the element. This part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions John from Nisswa, MN Old pans/bowls were corroded Very easy---simply unplug the burners, remove the old pans and replace with the new ones I was extremely pleased with the easy ordering and prompt delivery of parts that actually fit as they should! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $39.95 In Stock Add to cart Gibson Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 235 Reviews PartSelect Number PS429871 Manufacturer Part Number 240338001 This manufacturer-approved Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin is made of white plastic and is easy to install. It is used to hold heavier items in the fridge, and you'll be able to visually see if the part is broken. This particular shelf attaches to the fridge door and is designed for the UPPER shelf. You can check if this model is right for your appliance by checking your user manual and model number. This is a simple repair that requires only that you snap the old part out of place and snap the new one into place. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Connie from Franklin, IN grandkids had broken the top and middle shelf bins in my refrigerator door I simply snapped the proper pieces in place. It was sooo easy! Read more... Gibson Appliance Types Gibson Air Conditioner Parts Gibson Cooktop Parts Gibson Dehumidifier Parts Gibson Dishwasher Parts Gibson Dryer Parts Gibson Garbage Disposer Parts Gibson Food Waste Disposer Parts Gibson Freezer Parts Gibson Microwave Parts Gibson Microwave Oven Combo Parts Gibson Range Parts Gibson Refrigerator Parts Gibson Washer Parts Gibson Oven Parts Back to Top Popular Gibson Models Below are the most popular Gibson models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? GTF1040AS0 Residential GSE746RHS0 Residential GEF331CS0 Residential GWT445RFS2 Residential GWT445RGS1 Residential GRT17C2AW0 Top Freezer PDS22SBNBS GRT18C6AW5 Top Freezer GTF1040CS0 Residential GWT445RGS0 Residential GFU21M4GW0 Upright GWT645RHS0 Residential, Front Load GEF331AS2 Residential GRT17G4AW0 Top Freezer GFU17M4AW4 Upright GSE746RFS2 Residential, Electric GFU21M4AW5 Upright GSE746RFS1 Residential, Electric GRT18C6AW1 Top Freezer GFU17M4AW2 Upright Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Greenworks ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Greenworks Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Greenworks Appliance Types Greenworks Chainsaw Parts Greenworks Cultivator Parts Greenworks Drill Parts Greenworks Edger Parts Greenworks Hedge Trimmer Parts Greenworks Lawn Mower Parts Greenworks Lawn Tractor Accessories Parts Greenworks Leaf Blower / Vacuum Parts Greenworks Pole Saw Parts Greenworks Pressure Washer Parts Greenworks Snow Blower Parts Greenworks Trimmer Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Haier ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Haier Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Haier Parts Your Price $25.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Lower Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 39 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137081 Manufacturer Part Number WD22X33499 Please be informed that this OEM-verified part that DOES NOT come with the heatshield, as per GE directly and are no longer required. This lower spray arm assembly is an essential component of your dishwasher, responsible for distributing water and detergent evenly during the wash cycle. Positioned at the bottom of the appliance, it spins to spray water in multiple directions, ensuring thorough cleaning of all dishes. A damaged spray arm can lead to poor cleaning results, leftover food residue, and even unpleasant odors. Common signs of failure include knocking sounds, wobbling, or restricted rotation. Replacing this part restores proper performance and prevents buildup that can cause bad smells. Installation is simple: release the locking mechanism, lift out the old arm, and secure the new one in place. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Noisy Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Mark De from BRONX, NY Spray arm had become unattached and burned by the heat element It was a simple as: attach and done! There is a ring on the part that tightens clockwise to the nipple that sprays out the water that it rests on. Twist clockwise and you are done! It is a mystery how it was unattached to begin with but not a problem in the end, it was easy to fix! Thanks for sending genuine GE parts! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $12.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Dishwasher Lower Rack Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 23 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16217024 Manufacturer Part Number WD12X26146 This lower rack roller is a genuine replacement component designed to support the smooth and stable movement of the dishwasher’s bottom rack. Measuring approximately 1.5 inches in diameter and finished in charcoal gray, it ensures consistent rack alignment and ease of use during loading and unloading. For optimal performance, it is recommended to replace all four rollers simultaneously. Installation is straightforward and requires no special tools, though wearing protective gloves is advised. Sold individually. Installation Instructions Teri from LAGUNA NIGUEL, CA order #16343054 Complete service rack this was ordered 4-9-21 and I have yet to receive it. Its difficult to explain the installation when you haven't received the main part. I paid for this but you have not shipped it. Very poor customer service. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $72.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Upper Rack ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 60 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18351367 Manufacturer Part Number WD28X35779 This upper rack assembly is a genuine replacement part designed for select GE, Hotpoint, and Haier dishwashers. Engineered to securely hold dishes, cups, and glassware during the wash cycle, it helps prevent shifting and potential damage while promoting optimal water flow for thorough cleaning. The rack’s layout is designed to maximize usable space within the dishwasher, improving load efficiency and cleaning performance. Constructed from durable materials, it resists wear and tear over time, ensuring long-term reliability. Compatibility should be verified using your dishwasher’s model number prior to installation. Fixes these symptoms Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Cooke, from STAMFORD, CT Racks were rusted Terrible! Bottom rack was wrong... original was discontinued. Fork and knife holder did not fit in original location. Parts company new this and still processed the order! Disaster! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.85 In Stock Add to cart Haier Rack Carrier And Roller Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 18 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17873321 Manufacturer Part Number WD01X35298 - Includes: 4 brackets, 4 roller wheel brackets, and 8 wheels part # WD12X26146 Dishwasher Lower Dishrack Carrier and Roller Kit (Set of 4). This kit will replace all four one piece roller carriers with two piece roller carriers. Match each carrier and cover designated for the side being replaced and replace all four carriers Fixes these symptoms Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Teri from LAGUNA NIGUEL, CA order #16343054 Complete service rack this was ordered 4-9-21 and I have yet to receive it. Its difficult to explain the installation when you haven't received the main part. I paid for this but you have not shipped it. Very poor customer service. Read more... Your Price $33.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Mid Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137080 Manufacturer Part Number WD22X33498 This OEM mid spray or center wash arm assembly distributes water and detergent in your dishwasher during the wash cycle. It has small nozzles that spray water onto your dishes and is located between the lower and upper rack. A broken assembly will result in weak water flow and ineffective dishwashing. It may also display signs of damage such as cracks, breaks, or missing nozzles. Additionally, a malfunctioning assembly can cause imbalanced water flow, potentially leading to damage to other dishwasher components such as filters or pumps. Prompt replacement is necessary to ensure proper dishwashing performance and prevent further damage. To install this to your appliance, you will need to snap its mounting bracket onto the rack before attaching the arms onto it. This replacement part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Noisy Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Robert from FLUSHING, MI Mid Spray Arm Assembly not spinning The Mid Spray Arm Assembly was not spinning due to a dish that was in placed the dishwasher that was too high and hitting the arm. When it spun until it broke the center shaft. Replacement was easy. After removing power I pulled the upper tray out and removed the Conduit Mid Tiered Assembly by unsnapping it from the tray. I twisted off the broken spindle of the damaged arm assembly from the Conduit Mid Tiered Assembly and inserted the new arm and gently pushed it until it snapped into the Mid Tiered Assembly. Reinstalled the assembled parts by snapping into the tray making sure it was centered. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $45.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Door Latch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 55 Reviews PartSelect Number PS6447681 Manufacturer Part Number WD21X10490 This dishwasher door latch is designed to secure the door during operation by connecting to the door strike and ensuring a tight seal. Mounted to the tub frame, it plays a critical role in enabling the appliance to run safely and efficiently. A damaged or faulty latch can prevent the door from staying closed, interrupting the wash cycle or preventing it from starting altogether. This OEM replacement part is sold individually and does not include the door strike, which must be purchased separately if also worn or broken. Always disconnect the power supply before beginning installation. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions James from ALBRIGHTSVLLE, PA Door latch not functioning 1. Turn off breaker supplying power to dishwasher in electrical panel 2. Open dishwasher door 3. Unscrew the screws that secure the dishwasher to the counter. 4. Tip dishwasher forward. Identify the non-functioning door latch. It looks exactly like the replacement. Unclip the wire harness from the door latch. 5. On the inside of the dishwasher, there are 2 screws directly under the door latch. Unscrew them and carefully set aside. 6. Remove old door latch. 7. Set new door latch in place. Holding securely, replace screws removed in step 5. Toward the end they get a little tougher to screw in. 8. Plug wire harness into new door latch. 9. Re-align dishwasher and re-secure to counter in previous position. 10. Test latch to make sure it closes properly. 11. Turn on breaker in electrical panel. The dishwasher should now function properly. Read more... Your Price $14.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Burner Grate Foot ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 15 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11729077 Manufacturer Part Number WB02X24790 This burner grate foot, also known as a bumper, is an authentic OEM replacement part for your range. It is a small black rubber component that acts as a buffer between the metal grate and the surface of the cooktops to prevent scratches and damage to the cooktop. It also stabilizes the burner grate and prevents it from shifting or sliding, which reduces the risk of accidents or spills. These small components can easily fall and become lost while cleaning or wear down over time. Inspect each of the feet and ensure that you order the correct amount for your range. Each burner grate foot is sold separately. Installation Instructions Irene H from HENRICO, VA Missing grate foot / bumper Put in a new foot / bumper. That's it. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Dishwasher Basket Assembly Silverware ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 77 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12703061 Manufacturer Part Number WD28X24469 This basket is part of a silverware basket that has 3 sections. This is the middle section of the basket. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Carrie from Naples, FL wheels were broken;basket was broken This worked great. Cheap and easy. Read more... Your Price $34.95 In Stock Add to cart Haier Pressure Sensor Asm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12741258 Manufacturer Part Number WD21X25468 This is a manufacturer-built pressure sensor for dishwashers. This pressure sensor, also known as a pressure switch, is designed to monitor the water pressure, communicate with the control board of the dishwasher, and accurately calculate the necessary amount of water for the washing cycle. If this pressure sensor is bad or not working properly, it will cause over and underfilling of your dishwasher, as well as excessive noise while in operation. To replace this pressure sensor, you will need a screwdriver and wrench to gain access and remove this part, and further disassembly of your dishwasher may be required. This sensor is sold individually and does not come with any other parts. Fixes these symptoms Not draining Will not fill with water Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Linda from MYRTLE BEACH, SC Dishwasher would not fill with water and would shut off I found it online! There were step by step instructions that were easy to understand. I have never had to do anything like this in my life, only recently had to start doing everything around the house myself due to husband's illness. The repairman came out, charged me $100 to determine what the dishwasher needed & left me with the part number. He was going to charge me $389 to install the part and they were over charging for the part. The repairman suggested I just get a new dishwasher. I ordered the part from the website at 1/2 the price that the other place charges and found it on line. With the step by step instructions and the online page, I successfully installed it MYSELF. Saved me a ton of $$. I LOVE the website Thank You!!!! Read more... Your Price $26.87 Special Order Add to cart Haier Gasket Tub Stainless Steel ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 9 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11721490 Manufacturer Part Number WD08X22095 Stop leaks and keep your dishwasher running smoothly with this tub gasket replacement. It forms a tight seal between the door and tub, so water stays inside during every wash cycle. Made from strong, flexible rubber, it’s built to last and easy to install—just remove the old gasket, clean the channel, and press the new one in. If you’ve noticed puddles on the floor or dishes that aren’t drying well, this simple fix can make a big difference. Fixes these symptoms Leaking See more... Installation Instructions G from GLEN COVE, NY Water leaking from bottom of Dishwasher Replaced old gasket with new one. More difficult than expected, because new gasket was much stiffer than old one. Also, the yellow centering spot on gasket (to line up with top latch) was nearly impossible to see. Unfortunately, this did not solve the problem for me, so money was wasted. Bought new dishwasher. Read more... Haier Appliance Types Haier Air Conditioner Parts Haier Dehumidifier Parts Haier Dishwasher Parts Haier Dryer Parts Haier Freezer Parts Haier Ice Maker Parts Haier Microwave Parts Haier Range Parts Haier Refrigerator Parts Haier Washer Parts Haier Washer Dryer Combo Parts Haier Wine and Beverage Cooler Parts Haier Fridge Parts Back to Top Popular Haier Models Below are the most popular Haier models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? A112 Compact Refrigerator HT21TS85SP Haier Refrigerator Model HT21TS85SP Parts RDE350AW HA10TG21BSW Top-Mount Refrigerator HT21TS80SP Haier Refrigerator Model HT21TS80SP Parts QHE16HYPAFS Refrigerator HLC1700AXW LAUNDRY CENTER HTQ21JAAWW HTE18WAAWW HMV1630DBWW Haier Microwave Model HMV1630DBWW Parts HRT18R1APW REFRIGERATOR RWT350AW HT18TS45SB Haier Refrigerator Model HT18TS45SB Parts QJS15HYRBFS Refrigerator HT18TS45SW Haier Refrigerator Model HT18TS45SW Parts HMV1630SBSS Haier Microwave Model HMV1630SBSS Parts HLP21N HLP23E WASHER HBF05EBSS HSB03 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Hardwick ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Hardwick Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Hardwick Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $10.95 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Chrome Drip Bowl - 8 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 50 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750107 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10196405 This manufacturer-certified drip bowl is also known as a drip pan, and it is designed for use with cooktops and ranges. It sits below 8-inch burner elements and catches drips and spills from the cookware on the burner. The diameter of the drip bowl is approximately 10 inches. This replacement might appear slightly different, but it will fit your appliance. You will need no tools to complete this repair. Simply remove the burner element, remove the old bowl, line up the hole on the new bowl with the terminal block and drop it into place. Make sure the bowl is flat before reinstalling the element. While you have the element out you should inspect the terminals for corrosion, damage, or discolouration. If you notice any of those things you should also replace the element and terminal block. You will need to replace your drip bowl if it is lost, damaged, or can no longer be cleaned. This replacement part is sold individually. To extend the life of your new drip bowl we recommend you clean it regularly with soap and water. We recommend only using the recommended drip bowl for your appliance; generic versions will not fit properly which could affect the performance of your elements and cause long-term damage. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $8.36 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 177 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2376034 Manufacturer Part Number 8206232A This 40w light bulb is a replacement bulb constructed of glass and metal. It is an easy-to-install electrical part which produces 40w of light. If the bulb won't light up then it may be broken and should be replaced. The bulb attaches directly to an appropriate light socket and has a small screw-in base. To access the exterior light bulb, you will need to remove the panel on the bottom of the microwave using a Phillips screwdriver. If your exterior light bulb has not been changed before, it is probably held in place with some silicone. You will need to cut away this silicone to remove the old bulb. If you cannot access the silicone with a utility knife, it can be removed using dental floss. Once the silicone is removed, simply unscrew the old bulb, and replace it with the new one. Be sure to disconnect the power to the microwave before you begin this repair. This light bulb measures about 1 1/8 inches. We do not recommend using a higher-wattage bulb for this appliance, and can only recommend this specific bulb. If fixing the bulb does not solve your microwave light issue, it's possibly a problem with the socket, which means the socket and/or board will need to be replaced. This can be a more dangerous repair, so consult your user manual or a technician before attempting. Installation Instructions Chris from Cedar Hill, TX Burned out light under microwave and Filters needed changing I just removed the multiple screws which held the hood cover on. I then attempted to remove the light bulbs from the socket. This proved impossible because the bulbs were so fragile from the heat and grease build up. To make this task much easier and probably safer, just replace the bulb housing and light bulb. The bulb housing unplugs very easily. Just replace it then screw your new bulb in. P.S. Be sure to unplug appliance before you start. The filters are very easy to replace. No tools needed. Hope this helps. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $83.89 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Refrigerator Water Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 98 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11722130 Manufacturer Part Number EDR4RXD1 This water filter (Whirlpool EveryDrop Refrigerator Water Filter, Single Turn Filter) purifies water going to the water dispenser and sometimes the icemaker as well. This part should be replaced if it is causing reduced water flow or just replaced periodically per the owner manual. Replacing this water filter may fix a noisy or leaking fridge, a fridge that is not dispensing water (or reduced flow rate), and an ice maker that is not making ice at all, or not making enough ice. This filter is white, sold individually and measures 8 inches by 3 inches in diameter. This water filter has been updated by the manufacturer. It may appear different but will still function the same. It is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too cold Ice maker dispenses too little ice Ice maker not making ice See more... Installation Instructions Douglas from Byron, NY light on to order water filter Pressed in the end of the filter cover, lowered it down part way. Twisted the old filter 1/4 turn and removed it. Set in the sink to drain. Inserted new filter and twisted it to lock. closed cover. Done. Total time @ 1 Minute. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.46 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Drip Bowl - 6 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 106 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750108 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10196406 This drip bowl is used for electric cooktops and ranges, it is designed to sit under a 6-inch surface burner. It catches the drips and spills coming from the cookware on the surface burner. This drip bowl is chrome, and it has a diameter of 8 inches. You need to remove the burner element to replace this part. Line the hole up with the element terminal blocks, and ensure the new bowl is flush with the surface of the cooktop before replacing the burner element. Drip bowls need to be replaced when they are lost, damaged, or you are no longer able to clean them adequately. This replacement part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $95.89 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Replacement Ice Maker ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 185 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2121513 Manufacturer Part Number D7824706Q This ice maker (Ice Maker Assembly, Refrigerator Ice Maker) produces ice cubes that are ejected into the storage bucket. It is located in the freezer section of your appliance, mounted on the freezer wall. The ice maker can break from normal wear and accidental damage. If this happens, your refrigerator may no longer make ice cubes, or may not make enough cubes, and the part should be replaced. This model measures approximately 11 inches long and 5 inches wide. It’s constructed of plastic and metal, and comes in black/white/silver. This assembly includes the ice mold and the control device. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Doesn’t stop running Ice maker dispenses too little ice See more... Installation Instructions Bernie from Diamond Bar, CA Icemaker producing few or no cubes and often leaving "kling-ons" on ice tray Interior surface of ice tray felt rough & flaky (coating deteriorated) so cubes would not release. Unplug appliance. Remove timer cover by hand pressure @ edge. Remove single attachment screw & bracket at lower front of icemaker. Disconnect wiring harness from socket @ rear of compartment. Tricky part was determining what type of connection held the other two attachment points along the long edge of the icemaker. I did not have repair manual or useful drawing but looked @ PartsDirect pic of side brackets & used a small mirror to confirm that mine were also some sort of "snap in" attachment. Remove icemaker unit by pushing upward and outward on the unit. I takes a good bit of pressure and will pop loose, but be careful not to break attachment bracket from freezer wall. Scavenge shut off bar and wiring harness from old icemaker once you have it out & attach to new one before installing it back in freezer. Again, you might find a mirror useful to align those pesky snap-in brackets with the new unit. Since you probably kept your freezer running while waiting for the part, the plastic snap-ins will be cold and brittle. I warmed them up first by applying a dampened cloth heated in the microwave to make them a little more pliable. A good push of the new unit towards the snap-ins along with some upward force will get it stable. Reattach the metal screw in bracket & connect the wiring harness to rear plug... and don't forget to plug the whole thing back in. It will take awhile for the first batch of cubes dump as the timer may need to cycle completely around to get to the fill cycle... be patient. Dump the first couple of batches of cubes just to make sure you're free of any residue. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $121.95 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Refrigerator Pantry Drawer Door Cover ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 102 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11723190 Manufacturer Part Number W10827015 This pantry drawer lid is also known as a pantry drawer door or pantry drawer cover. This is a genuine OEM part, and is sold individually. This part helps keep everything inside the drawer. It acts as a cover, and also keeps your drawer at the proper temperature by creating a seal. You may need to replace this part if door does not open or close, or if the drawer is too cold. No tools are required for this replacement, simply push the hinge pins aside to remove the old lid. Consider checking the pantry end cap kit for damage before ordering the pantry drawer lid, as they are often purchased together. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Fridge too cold See more... Installation Instructions Chauncey from Menan, ID Started with a grinding noise in the bottom of the dishwasher, and then the thing just stopped cleaning the dishes. It wasn't pumping any water, I removed the plasic inner parts, used the torx drivers to remove the internal platic plate that covered the sump. Found the food chopper cover and removed it. It had gotten a piece of plastiic wrapped around it. As it spun it had ground the teeth off the end of the drive on the impellor and the food chopper. I replace both as a set and it works fine. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.75 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 78 Reviews PartSelect Number PS884734 Manufacturer Part Number 8009 This an authentic OEM 40-Watt replacement light bulb, used in a number of household appliances. It is specially designed to withstand extreme temperatures, which is why these replacement bulbs are most often used to light the inside of refrigerators and ranges. It features a standard socket base, which means you simply unscrew the burnt-out bulb and screw in the replacement. Depending on the appliance you may require a screwdriver or nut driver to access the light bulb. We recommend you wear work gloves while handling this replacement part. It is constructed of glass and metal and is sold individually. Depending on the appliance and location of the bulb within it, you may want to consider disconnecting power and using a flashlight for easier access to unscrewing and re-screwing in your bulb during this repair. Installation Instructions judie from mays landing, NJ interior drawers were off their rollers pulled the washer out and replaces the top roller system on both sides and the replaced the weels and brackets on the bottom drwaer. however i had trouble putting the dish washer back correctly and had to call a repairman to adjust the dishwasher and alighn it to open and close properly. but i did do good inside. i feel it was easy and a success. thank you for having the supplies for us to attempt to repair it on our own. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $14.61 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Drip Bowl - 6 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2366565 Manufacturer Part Number W10196406RW If your element will not heat, there could be an issue with your drip bowl. This chrome drip bowl is 8 inches in diameter, and fits most electric ranges. Before you replace the drip bowl, make sure the element is turned off and cool to the touch. Installation is easy, just remove the element, replace the current drip bowl, and replace the element. Make sure the small hole on the bowl lines up with the element socket. The manufacturer has substituted this part, it now has a hole in the center, and no longer has a solid bottom. For a step by step guide, click the video below. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kings Park, NY Drip bowls were rusty and rotting through I simply removed the elements and replaced the drip bowls with new ones. Put the elements back in and my stove looks %1000 better! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Refrigerator Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 95 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12728638 Manufacturer Part Number W11384469 Door switch turns the light off when you close the door. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too warm Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Clint from Rayville, MO Lights inside refrigerator not working I used a flat-head screwdriver to pop out the old light rocker switch. Then, I unplugged the wires, plugged them into the new light rocker switch, and then popped the new switch into the hole. That's it! Lights began working again. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $99.75 In Stock Add to cart Hardwick Crisper Drawer ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 110 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11743502 Manufacturer Part Number WP67002659 The crisper drawer in your refrigerator is used for storing various items. If you notice that your current crisper drawer is damaged, you may need to replace it. You may notice that your refrigerator door does not open or close properly, which is a sign that your cripser drawer is damaged. This crisper drawer is made of clear plastic and is roughly 20 inches in length. This part is sold individually and does not come with the plastic faceplate on it. If your current crisper has one, you will need to remove it and transfer it to the new crisper. NOTE: As per the manufacture the crisper drawer has been updated from the original. A new crisper cover may need to be purchased for the drawers to work. Factory dimensions - 12.847" Depth X 15.217" Width X 6.93 High. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Roland from Alexandria, VA The crisper drawers had cracked runners Crisper drawers: 1. Removed crisper drawers from refrigerator. 2. Removed drawer front decoration panels. 3. Unpacked, inspected and rinsed out new drawers. 4. Attached drawer front decoration panels. 5. Transfered vegetables and fruit from old drawers to new drawers. 6. Installed new drawers in refrigerator. 7. Closed refrigerator door. 8. Total time about 15 minutes, no tools required. Ice & Water filter 1. Opened filter compartment cover 2. Removed old filter, drained into sink and placed in the trash. 3. Installed new filter 4. Bled the water line with ice water tap button (be aware when the air in the line exits the spigot, it create a lot of spray and you may need to cleanup the water that splash out of the bottom of the container used to capture the water during the bleeding process.) 5. Close the filter cover and refrigerator door. 6. Total time about 10 minutes and no tools required. Read more... Hardwick Appliance Types Hardwick Cooktop Parts Hardwick Freezer Parts Hardwick Microwave Parts Hardwick Microwave Oven Combo Parts Hardwick Range Parts Hardwick Refrigerator Parts Hardwick Smoker Parts Hardwick Fridge Parts Hardwick Oven Parts Back to Top Popular Hardwick Models Below are the most popular Hardwick models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? EF36BNDFSS EF48BDCBSS EF42BDCBSS EF48BNDBSS EF42BNDBSS EF36RNDFSS H3177XRW Gas DF15ATLWHT Vertical H3177XUW Gas CKJ9641A580RW Continuous-Clean, Gas DF20ACLWHT Vertical SM9642W580R Gas H3100PPW Gas EF36LNDFSS DF20AALWH Vertical DNF17ABLWH Vertical H3500PPW Electric M250 H4131WRW Gas H3110PRW Gas Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Hoover ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Hoover Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Hoover Parts Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Multi Rib Belt - 92-1/4" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 429 Reviews PartSelect Number PS346995 Manufacturer Part Number 341241 This dryer drum belt (Whirlpool Dryer Belt, Drive Belt) has four ridges, three grooves and is 1/4" wide, and 92 1/4 inches in length. It comes in black and is made of rubber. The belt transfers the rotation of the motor to turn the drum. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Ray from Denton, TX Dryer tub belt broke Removed the two screws that attatch the lent channel to the top of the dryer, then lifted the top of the dryer by pushing in on the two locking tabs located at the front , left and right , corners of the dryer top with a small flat head screw driver. The top of the dryer will fold back out of the way. At this point I removed the two 1/4 inch screws that are located on the inside of the dryer front left and right corners that hold the front panel/door to the two side panels. Now I was able to lift the front panel up and set it to the side. The bottom of the front panel that contains the dryer door that I just removed was held on the bottom by two clips that slide into slots on the front panel and did not require any removal to disconnect the bottom of the front panel, just pull up on the front panel. Since the tub was held in place by floating on a seal at the back of the dryer and a seal on the front panel , which I just removed the tub is now free floating except for the two alignment roller wheels at the bottom of the tub. It is easier if you lay the dryer on its back at this point with front of the tub pointing up. I pulled the tub out and cleaned the years of built up lent and removed all the pieces of the old , destroyed, belt. Note, the belt tentioner is located at the front of the motor which on the bottom right hand side. If your belt is broke like mine the tensioner may/will fall to the back of the dryer when you tilt it back, but do not worry. Once the dryer was cleaned up I put the tub back in place , still on its back and made sure the two alignment rollers were in place and rolled freely when the tub was turned by hand. Another note, my original belt tensioner did not have a rolling wheel that the belt rode on , but was a semi-circle smooth surface that the belt remained in constant friction with when the dyer was running, so I made sure the replacement tensioner I ordered with my new belt did have a rolling wheel that the belt would ride on, which I believe will reduce wear and extend the belt life. The new belt came with a diagram of the belt and tensioner routing which was helpful. Note: do not take the tensioner wheel off/apart when trying to route the belt. Follow the instructions routing diagram. The tensioner is held in palce by inserting the bottom back half into the slot in the bottom floor of the dryer making sure it is aligned with the belt pully on the shaft of the dryer motor. The dryer is still on its back side. Now, it was easier for me to route the belt around the center of the tub, following the marks from the original belt, and hold in in place in a few spots with masking tape and then route it thru the tensioner and onto the front pully of the motor. Make sure you have the grooves of the belt against the tub and the grooves are aligned with the pully on the motor. Now you can remove the masking tape that was holding the belt around the tub and spin the tub by hand watching the belt making sure it is not in a bind and is traveling around the motor pully , tensioner and tub freely. Make sure the tub is still sealed on the back side wall. As you turn the tub by hand you can adjust the belt by hand so that is following the original marks around the tub left by the orignal belt. Also double check the two alingment rollers and make sure they are spinning and on track. Now put the front panel with the door on by sliding it onto the two clips that are one the bottom at each side and put the two screws in that hold the front panel to the two side panels. Now stand the dryer back up and spin the tub by hand again making sure it has a good seal on the back side and on the front panel. Pull the top back down and put the two screws in that hold the lent channle to the top. I am not sure when the belt started failing on my dryer, but was amazed at how quiet it runs now. Guess I was use to the extra noise made by a dryer that was about to die. This was a cheap and easy repair and glad I did it myself. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.95 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Chrome Drip Bowl - 8 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 50 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750107 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10196405 This manufacturer-certified drip bowl is also known as a drip pan, and it is designed for use with cooktops and ranges. It sits below 8-inch burner elements and catches drips and spills from the cookware on the burner. The diameter of the drip bowl is approximately 10 inches. This replacement might appear slightly different, but it will fit your appliance. You will need no tools to complete this repair. Simply remove the burner element, remove the old bowl, line up the hole on the new bowl with the terminal block and drop it into place. Make sure the bowl is flat before reinstalling the element. While you have the element out you should inspect the terminals for corrosion, damage, or discolouration. If you notice any of those things you should also replace the element and terminal block. You will need to replace your drip bowl if it is lost, damaged, or can no longer be cleaned. This replacement part is sold individually. To extend the life of your new drip bowl we recommend you clean it regularly with soap and water. We recommend only using the recommended drip bowl for your appliance; generic versions will not fit properly which could affect the performance of your elements and cause long-term damage. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Joe from Greeley, CO oven wouldn't heat First I removed the two screws that hold the element in place. I then pulled the element out about 3 inches and disconnected the two wires, then removed element and replaced with new . Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $95.89 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Replacement Ice Maker ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 185 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2121513 Manufacturer Part Number D7824706Q This ice maker (Ice Maker Assembly, Refrigerator Ice Maker) produces ice cubes that are ejected into the storage bucket. It is located in the freezer section of your appliance, mounted on the freezer wall. The ice maker can break from normal wear and accidental damage. If this happens, your refrigerator may no longer make ice cubes, or may not make enough cubes, and the part should be replaced. This model measures approximately 11 inches long and 5 inches wide. It’s constructed of plastic and metal, and comes in black/white/silver. This assembly includes the ice mold and the control device. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Doesn’t stop running Ice maker dispenses too little ice See more... Installation Instructions Bernie from Diamond Bar, CA Icemaker producing few or no cubes and often leaving "kling-ons" on ice tray Interior surface of ice tray felt rough & flaky (coating deteriorated) so cubes would not release. Unplug appliance. Remove timer cover by hand pressure @ edge. Remove single attachment screw & bracket at lower front of icemaker. Disconnect wiring harness from socket @ rear of compartment. Tricky part was determining what type of connection held the other two attachment points along the long edge of the icemaker. I did not have repair manual or useful drawing but looked @ PartsDirect pic of side brackets & used a small mirror to confirm that mine were also some sort of "snap in" attachment. Remove icemaker unit by pushing upward and outward on the unit. I takes a good bit of pressure and will pop loose, but be careful not to break attachment bracket from freezer wall. Scavenge shut off bar and wiring harness from old icemaker once you have it out & attach to new one before installing it back in freezer. Again, you might find a mirror useful to align those pesky snap-in brackets with the new unit. Since you probably kept your freezer running while waiting for the part, the plastic snap-ins will be cold and brittle. I warmed them up first by applying a dampened cloth heated in the microwave to make them a little more pliable. A good push of the new unit towards the snap-ins along with some upward force will get it stable. Reattach the metal screw in bracket & connect the wiring harness to rear plug... and don't forget to plug the whole thing back in. It will take awhile for the first batch of cubes dump as the timer may need to cycle completely around to get to the fill cycle... be patient. Dump the first couple of batches of cubes just to make sure you're free of any residue. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.75 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Light Bulb - 40w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 78 Reviews PartSelect Number PS884734 Manufacturer Part Number 8009 This an authentic OEM 40-Watt replacement light bulb, used in a number of household appliances. It is specially designed to withstand extreme temperatures, which is why these replacement bulbs are most often used to light the inside of refrigerators and ranges. It features a standard socket base, which means you simply unscrew the burnt-out bulb and screw in the replacement. Depending on the appliance you may require a screwdriver or nut driver to access the light bulb. We recommend you wear work gloves while handling this replacement part. It is constructed of glass and metal and is sold individually. Depending on the appliance and location of the bulb within it, you may want to consider disconnecting power and using a flashlight for easier access to unscrewing and re-screwing in your bulb during this repair. Installation Instructions judie from mays landing, NJ interior drawers were off their rollers pulled the washer out and replaces the top roller system on both sides and the replaced the weels and brackets on the bottom drwaer. however i had trouble putting the dish washer back correctly and had to call a repairman to adjust the dishwasher and alighn it to open and close properly. but i did do good inside. i feel it was easy and a success. thank you for having the supplies for us to attempt to repair it on our own. Read more... Your Price $27.20 In Stock Add to cart Hoover M Series New Style Coil Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 158 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334310 Manufacturer Part Number 279834 When the igniter reaches a high enough temperature, these coils (Coil Valve, Dryer Gas Valve Coil Kit, Dryer Valve Coil Kit, Gas Valve Solenoid) work together to open the gas valve and allow the gas to enter the burner. This is a safety mechanism to ensure that there are no unsafe buildups of gas inside your appliance. The coils are attached to the dryer gas valve. If the dryer does not heat or heats intermittently, the coil may not be opening the gas valve. Both coils must be operational for the valve to open. No continuity would indicate a defective coil, but they can be intermittent and fail when they get hot. Both coils should be replaced when one of them is broken. This part can break as a result of material fatigue from normal use. This part measures approximately 1 inch in diameter and 1 inch in height, and is constructed of plastic and metal. It comes in black/beige. This part features a 3-terminal boost/hold coil and a 2-terminal secondary coil Fixes these symptoms Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kirkwood, MO Gas Dryer would not ignite 1. Removed lint screen and holder frame. Unplugged the electrical cord and closed the gas valve in the line before it goes into the dryer. 2. Removed two bolts at bottom front of machine and took off the bottom front panel. 3. Removed three bolts from black plastic exit vent and took it out to give more room to access everything. 4. removed two wires and screws on the limit thermostat. Did the reverse to place the new one. 5. Removed wires (remembering placement), then holder screw. rotated the Gas Dryer Sensor counter clockwise to release the bottom tab so the sensor can be taken off the flame tube. Did the reverse to place the new one on. 6. Removed the one screw on the gas/flame tube that holds the bracket and igniter inside the flame tube. Removed the wires fro the igniter (remember placement) Slid the whole assembly toward the back of the machine to get the tube off the gas valve then rotated the whole assembly counter-clocwise to release the tab on the left side of the bracket. This was a little tight and had to work with it a bit to get the tab out and slide the whole piece out of the flame tube. 7. Once the tube and igniter were out i removed the scree that holds the igniter and replaced with the new one. Made sure no dust, etc. was in the piece. 8. Did the reverse to place the tube/igniter back into the flame tube. 9. Carefully and forcefully removed the wire connectors to the two coils. These were tough to get off. Removed the two screws that hold the bracket that holds the two coils in place. Slid the coils off the spindles remembering which one has the two wire connection and which one has the three wire connection and the way they went on. Replaced the old with the new. Placed the bracket onto the new coils and made sure the little bumps on the top are in the holes in the bracket. Tightened the screws to hold the coil bracket. Reattached the wire connectors to the coils making sure they go ALL the way back on. 10. Vaccumed everything I could to get lint, dust, etc. out. 11.Replaced the black vent plastic. 12 Made sure the exit vent on the back was not crimped or clogged. Checked the little flap door where the vent goes outside to make sure it opens and closes super easy to no air flow is restricted. 13. For testing I left the bottom panel open. Make sure you closed the door, reconnect the plug and turn the gas valve back on. Hit the go button on autodry or timed dry. The door must be closed to create the closed circulation of the system so the fan sucks the flame into the tube otherwise the flame will not fire deep into the tube and will set off one fo the overheat sensors. After hitting the go button your drum will start to rotate, then a few seconds later you'll hear a click and your igniter will start to burn bright orange. Another click and the gas should flow and ignite. 14. This shows that you've fixed the ignition problem. I just replaced everything I thought that could be wrong in stead of hunting and trial and error. All the parts were about $137 so I thought it was worth making sure. 15. IMPORTANT: If during your test the flame turns off after a little while then turns back on only to turn off again, don't panic. This happened to me as well. I found that you need to run the dryer with wet clothes in the dryer. The wetness in the clothes will keep the autodry sensor from shutting off the dryer since there will be moisture in the exhaust. If it's on timed dry the wet clothes will cool the exhaust air and keep the overheat sensors from turning the heat off. So no heating of dry clothes to get out wrinkles. Just dry the wet clothes. This is all I did and it's been working great so far. Good Luck! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $14.61 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Drip Bowl - 6 Inch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS2366565 Manufacturer Part Number W10196406RW If your element will not heat, there could be an issue with your drip bowl. This chrome drip bowl is 8 inches in diameter, and fits most electric ranges. Before you replace the drip bowl, make sure the element is turned off and cool to the touch. Installation is easy, just remove the element, replace the current drip bowl, and replace the element. Make sure the small hole on the bowl lines up with the element socket. The manufacturer has substituted this part, it now has a hole in the center, and no longer has a solid bottom. For a step by step guide, click the video below. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kings Park, NY Drip bowls were rusty and rotting through I simply removed the elements and replaced the drip bowls with new ones. Put the elements back in and my stove looks %1000 better! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Refrigerator Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 95 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12728638 Manufacturer Part Number W11384469 Door switch turns the light off when you close the door. Fixes these symptoms Fridge too warm Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Clint from Rayville, MO Lights inside refrigerator not working I used a flat-head screwdriver to pop out the old light rocker switch. Then, I unplugged the wires, plugged them into the new light rocker switch, and then popped the new switch into the hole. That's it! Lights began working again. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $29.29 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Door Switch ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 39 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12731166 Manufacturer Part Number W11396033 This light switch may also be known as a refrigerator door switch or a light switch kit, and is compatible with your refrigerator. The function of the refrigerator door switch is to turn on the light when your fridge door is open, and to make sure it is off when your refrigerator door is closed. The reason you would need to replace this part is if your light is not turning on when your door is open. For this repair, you will need a putty knife, and a small flat-blade screwdriver. Fixes these symptoms Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice Light not working See more... Installation Instructions Kevin from Beckley, WV while closing the door, the light switch fouled, resulting in the switch breaking I used a flat screwdriver and released the lock tab on the bottom of the light switch, and pried the switch out, being careful to not damage the plastic around the mounting place of the switch, unplugged wiring from old switch, plugged in the new one and pushed the new switch into place. Job finished light switch now working. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.85 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Dryer Radiant Flame Sensor ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 12 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741429 Manufacturer Part Number WP338906 If your gas dryer is not heating up or igniting, then replacing the flame sensor, located in the burner assembly, could solve it. This part senses heat from the igniter to monitor if it is hot enough to ignite gas to light the burner. Once the igniter is hot enough it will open the valve and allow gas to flow. This is a safety mechanism to prevent dangerous levels of gas from building up. To repair, the main top of the dryer should be lifted, as well as the front panel to access the component. This flame sensor assembly is made of both plastic and metal. Fixes these symptoms Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Michael from Kirkwood, MO Gas Dryer would not ignite 1. Removed lint screen and holder frame. Unplugged the electrical cord and closed the gas valve in the line before it goes into the dryer. 2. Removed two bolts at bottom front of machine and took off the bottom front panel. 3. Removed three bolts from black plastic exit vent and took it out to give more room to access everything. 4. removed two wires and screws on the limit thermostat. Did the reverse to place the new one. 5. Removed wires (remembering placement), then holder screw. rotated the Gas Dryer Sensor counter clockwise to release the bottom tab so the sensor can be taken off the flame tube. Did the reverse to place the new one on. 6. Removed the one screw on the gas/flame tube that holds the bracket and igniter inside the flame tube. Removed the wires fro the igniter (remember placement) Slid the whole assembly toward the back of the machine to get the tube off the gas valve then rotated the whole assembly counter-clocwise to release the tab on the left side of the bracket. This was a little tight and had to work with it a bit to get the tab out and slide the whole piece out of the flame tube. 7. Once the tube and igniter were out i removed the scree that holds the igniter and replaced with the new one. Made sure no dust, etc. was in the piece. 8. Did the reverse to place the tube/igniter back into the flame tube. 9. Carefully and forcefully removed the wire connectors to the two coils. These were tough to get off. Removed the two screws that hold the bracket that holds the two coils in place. Slid the coils off the spindles remembering which one has the two wire connection and which one has the three wire connection and the way they went on. Replaced the old with the new. Placed the bracket onto the new coils and made sure the little bumps on the top are in the holes in the bracket. Tightened the screws to hold the coil bracket. Reattached the wire connectors to the coils making sure they go ALL the way back on. 10. Vaccumed everything I could to get lint, dust, etc. out. 11.Replaced the black vent plastic. 12 Made sure the exit vent on the back was not crimped or clogged. Checked the little flap door where the vent goes outside to make sure it opens and closes super easy to no air flow is restricted. 13. For testing I left the bottom panel open. Make sure you closed the door, reconnect the plug and turn the gas valve back on. Hit the go button on autodry or timed dry. The door must be closed to create the closed circulation of the system so the fan sucks the flame into the tube otherwise the flame will not fire deep into the tube and will set off one fo the overheat sensors. After hitting the go button your drum will start to rotate, then a few seconds later you'll hear a click and your igniter will start to burn bright orange. Another click and the gas should flow and ignite. 14. This shows that you've fixed the ignition problem. I just replaced everything I thought that could be wrong in stead of hunting and trial and error. All the parts were about $137 so I thought it was worth making sure. 15. IMPORTANT: If during your test the flame turns off after a little while then turns back on only to turn off again, don't panic. This happened to me as well. I found that you need to run the dryer with wet clothes in the dryer. The wetness in the clothes will keep the autodry sensor from shutting off the dryer since there will be moisture in the exhaust. If it's on timed dry the wet clothes will cool the exhaust air and keep the overheat sensors from turning the heat off. So no heating of dry clothes to get out wrinkles. Just dry the wet clothes. This is all I did and it's been working great so far. Good Luck! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.95 In Stock Add to cart Hoover Surface Burner Receptacle Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 21 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1570190 Manufacturer Part Number 12001676 The tools you will need to replace the surface burner receptacle kit on your range include a Phillips screw driver, and a pair of wire strippers. Before doing this repair, make sure to disconnect your appliance from the power supply and wear work gloves to protect your hands. The surface burner receptacle kit comes with a plastic block, high temperature wire nuts, a metal bracket, and wires. This part functions as the connection between the wire harness and the surface element in your range. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Will Not Start See more... Installation Instructions Richard from Carthage, NC Stove top element not working due to bad receptacle. Turned off the power at the breaker box, cut the wires approximately 5 inches from the bad receptacle and removed it after removing one screw. Stripped back the wires about 1/2 inch and attached the new wires with the ceramic wire nuts provided and secured the receptacle back in place with the new screw provided in the kit. My sister's husband wanted to scrap the whole range but I repaired it with $14.00 worth of parts. The element is working great now. Whenever I need appliance parts again I'll use partselect.com. Read more... Hoover Appliance Types Hoover Air Conditioner Parts Hoover Canister Vacuum Parts Hoover Carpet Cleaner Parts Hoover Cooktop Parts Hoover Dryer Parts Hoover Food Waste Disposer Parts Hoover Freezer Parts Hoover Microwave Parts Hoover Range Parts Hoover Range Hood Parts Hoover Refrigerator Parts Hoover Smoker Parts Hoover Steamer Parts Hoover Upright Vacuum Parts Hoover Wall Oven Parts Hoover Washer Parts Hoover Water Pump Parts Hoover Oven Parts Back to Top Popular Hoover Models Below are the most popular Hoover models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 6 HAV2557AWW Residential HAV2558AWW Residential HAV2360AWW Residential HAV4657EWW Residential HAV2460AWW Residential HAV4657AWW Residential HAV3460AWW Residential 500 2300 4775 4760 61 2480 HAV4200ATW Residential HYE2200AGW Residential 5200 5150 0632 Residential 2360 Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Hotpoint ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Hotpoint Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Hotpoint Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $50.44 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Drive Belt ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 188 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16542496 Manufacturer Part Number WE03X29897 This Drive Belt is 89.5" long and comes in black, featuring four ribs on the inside for a better grip. This is a long belt that wraps all the way around the dryer drum, around a tension pulley, and then around the drive motor pulley, allowing all the parts to work together, spinning the drum as the motor rotates. If the drum will not turn when the dryer is turned on the belt is likely broken. It is common for belts to stretch or become brittle over time, which is what leads to the breakage. If broken, it should be replaced; the drum simply cannot spin without this belt. Refer to your model number and user manual to check if this part is right for you. Ensure you use work gloves to protect your hands from sharp internal parts during this repair. Please note: When comparing the length of your old belt to the length of the belt as stated here, remember that a small amount of stretching and contortion may occur with belts over time for a range of different reasons. Unless your belt is drastically different in length, this belt is what you are looking for despite any small inaccuracies. You will need to remove power to your appliance, remove the main panel, and access the motor drive to slip your new belt back into place. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Edwin from Seattle, WA Dryer making grinding noises We live in a Condominium, space is tight especially in the Utility room where the washer/dryer are located. Turned dryer breaker off at the electical panel. Removed the top cover and front assembly w/door and front drum support, right where the unit was located. Had to gain rear access to loosen drum drive belt so undid the dryer vent hose to floor connection through a front acess hole. Moved the unit out to the breakfast nook as well as disconnecting the power cable from the wall socket. Removed the rear access panel covers and unhooked the drive belt. At the front removed the top screws off the lower cross member to allow spreading of the side covers to allow the removal of the drum. Removed drum and found the bearing bushing gone, reduced to powder. Using the supplied instuction sheet, replaced the rear bearing assembly, replaced the drum after vacumming the whole interior and started the reassembly of the unit using the new belt and moved the unit back into place. Reconnected the power cable and dryer vent then lastly replaced the lint filter and selector knob. Closed the breaker and turned on the machine, no noise!!! Incidently I am 78 years old. Thanks PartSelect. Read more... Your Price $25.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Lower Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 39 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137081 Manufacturer Part Number WD22X33499 Please be informed that this OEM-verified part that DOES NOT come with the heatshield, as per GE directly and are no longer required. This lower spray arm assembly is an essential component of your dishwasher, responsible for distributing water and detergent evenly during the wash cycle. Positioned at the bottom of the appliance, it spins to spray water in multiple directions, ensuring thorough cleaning of all dishes. A damaged spray arm can lead to poor cleaning results, leftover food residue, and even unpleasant odors. Common signs of failure include knocking sounds, wobbling, or restricted rotation. Replacing this part restores proper performance and prevents buildup that can cause bad smells. Installation is simple: release the locking mechanism, lift out the old arm, and secure the new one in place. Fixes these symptoms Leaking Noisy Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Mark De from BRONX, NY Spray arm had become unattached and burned by the heat element It was a simple as: attach and done! There is a ring on the part that tightens clockwise to the nipple that sprays out the water that it rests on. Twist clockwise and you are done! It is a mystery how it was unattached to begin with but not a problem in the end, it was easy to fix! Thanks for sending genuine GE parts! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $15.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Dryer Front Bearing White 2pk ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 165 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137205 Manufacturer Part Number WE03X37318 This authentic, white Drum Bearing Slide, also known as the bearing drum slide, glide, or pad, is a plastic, easy-to-install part for your dryer. It replaces the dryer's front drum slide to allow for easier movement. You'll know if this part is an issue if your dryer is unable to tumble properly or is very noisy. Damage can come from regular use. The part attaches to the outermost side of the bearing. Check both slides for signs of wear, because they often wear at the same rate, and should be replaced at the same time; there are 2 of these particular slides per dryer. This part is sold individually, so you'll need to purchase multiple parts if replacing both at the same time. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Matthew from Plainfield, IL Due to over loading of the dryer the drum ruined the slides and was making a bad noise due to plastic rubbing plastic It was pretty easy. After already taking apart the dryer to install a new belt I knew exactly my plan of action. I removed the two screws that hold the top panel of the dryer to the front panel. I then removed the top panel and removed the screws that hold the front to each side panel. I than pulled the front away from the cabinet and drum. I put the new slides in place and installed a new felt strip. I put it back together and that was that. Very easy. Read more... Your Price $48.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Lint Filter ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 159 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11763056 Manufacturer Part Number WE03X23881 This lint filter is a genuine OEM component designed for use in both electric and gas clothes dryers. It plays a critical role in maintaining proper airflow by capturing lint and debris during drying cycles, helping prevent duct obstructions and reducing fire risk. Regular cleaning is essential to ensure efficient operation and faster drying times. If the filter’s screen is torn, the casing is cracked, or drying performance has declined, replacement is recommended. Installation is simple and tool-free—just remove the old filter as you would for cleaning, and insert the new one into the designated slot. This part is sold individually and is compatible with a wide range of dryer models. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t close See more... Installation Instructions Lisha|Lamb from SHELDON, MO Lint filter tore Replaced riped filter with new mesh filter screen. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $28.87 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Dryer Bearing Slide Green 2pk ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 28 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137203 Manufacturer Part Number WE03X37317 This original equipment manufacturer Drum Bearing Slide is a plastic, green, easy-to-install part for your dryer. It replaces the dryer's front drum slide to allow for easier movement. You'll know if this part is an issue if your dryer is unable to tumble properly or is very noisy. Damage can come from regular use. As the slides start to break down it may cause your dryer to make noise or not dry clothes in the usual amount of time. You will need to purchase two for both sides of your dryer. They attach to the outer-most sides of the bearing. The manufacturer recommends replacing both slides at the same time. Take this opportunity to clean out the lint and dust in the dryer, to keep it running smoothly. This is a genuine replacement part that comes directly from the manufacturer. This item is sold individually. The part attaches to the outermost side of the bearing. Although this part is denoted as being "Green" in its title, many users and technicians have noted that its true colour is closer to a dark gray or black. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Matthew from Plainfield, IL Due to over loading of the dryer the drum ruined the slides and was making a bad noise due to plastic rubbing plastic It was pretty easy. After already taking apart the dryer to install a new belt I knew exactly my plan of action. I removed the two screws that hold the top panel of the dryer to the front panel. I then removed the top panel and removed the screws that hold the front to each side panel. I than pulled the front away from the cabinet and drum. I put the new slides in place and installed a new felt strip. I put it back together and that was that. Very easy. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $12.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Dishwasher Lower Rack Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 23 Reviews PartSelect Number PS16217024 Manufacturer Part Number WD12X26146 This lower rack roller is a genuine replacement component designed to support the smooth and stable movement of the dishwasher’s bottom rack. Measuring approximately 1.5 inches in diameter and finished in charcoal gray, it ensures consistent rack alignment and ease of use during loading and unloading. For optimal performance, it is recommended to replace all four rollers simultaneously. Installation is straightforward and requires no special tools, though wearing protective gloves is advised. Sold individually. Installation Instructions Teri from LAGUNA NIGUEL, CA order #16343054 Complete service rack this was ordered 4-9-21 and I have yet to receive it. Its difficult to explain the installation when you haven't received the main part. I paid for this but you have not shipped it. Very poor customer service. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $72.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Upper Rack ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 60 Reviews PartSelect Number PS18351367 Manufacturer Part Number WD28X35779 This upper rack assembly is a genuine replacement part designed for select GE, Hotpoint, and Haier dishwashers. Engineered to securely hold dishes, cups, and glassware during the wash cycle, it helps prevent shifting and potential damage while promoting optimal water flow for thorough cleaning. The rack’s layout is designed to maximize usable space within the dishwasher, improving load efficiency and cleaning performance. Constructed from durable materials, it resists wear and tear over time, ensuring long-term reliability. Compatibility should be verified using your dishwasher’s model number prior to installation. Fixes these symptoms Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Cooke, from STAMFORD, CT Racks were rusted Terrible! Bottom rack was wrong... original was discontinued. Fork and knife holder did not fit in original location. Parts company new this and still processed the order! Disaster! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $15.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Dryer Bearing Slide (2 Pack) ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 9 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17137207 Manufacturer Part Number WE03X37319 This drum glide bearing is an authentic OEM replacement part that is compatible with dryers. It is white in color and made of highly durable plastic. The bearing allows the drum to rotate smoothly and dry your clothes thoroughly and evenly. It keeps the drum stable and protects it from excessive friction damage. Over time, the bearing may wear down or break due to normal aging or wear from repeated use. If the bearing is no longer able to support the drum, you will likely notice unusually loud grinding or squeaking noises from the dryer. You may also notice increased drying times due to poor drum rotation. Inspect all the bearings on your dryer, as they tend to wear down at the same time. Each drum glide bearing is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions mike from SUMMERVILLE, SC Dryer was making increasingly loud "thumping" sound. Parts were shipped quickly, packaged correctly, and were in original GM packages - very reassuring. BTW, your customer service is excellent. Reviewed YouTube videos. Patience is required, take your time, take photos of the wires and also make a written wiring chart. This was the flaw in my planning. Reference the schematics from PartsSelect to number the controls. Do NOT use masking tape to identify the wires as they will have all stuck together by the time you go to reinstall them. Most difficult process was removing and identifying the numerous wires to the back panel. They have push connectors, but some were very difficult to remove. The people doing the "how to" videos no doubt had them partially released and that made it look easy. Examine the connectors before removing to identify how they are captured by the connector. A paper clip "tool" I made enabled me to release some of the capture lugs, but some were so tight, I had to use small needle-nose pliers to open up the lug to release the wire on the connector. When reinstalling, re-tighten those connectors. Replacing the parts was much easier than the wiring disconnect/reconnect process. I'm happy to report that replacing the rear bearing and the front 2 green and 2 white shim/bearings immediately and completely solved my problem. For about $150, I restored my dryer to "like-new" functionality and got a lot of satisfaction from doing it. The project took about 4 hours, which could have been reduced to 2 hours had I know about the clip release and wiring identification process. Also, make sure you thoroughly vacuum out your unit while it is disassembled. Good luck!!! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $79.00 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Bucket Auger ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 234 Reviews PartSelect Number PS17626595 Manufacturer Part Number WR29X43990 The ice bucket auger is located within the ice bucket assembly in your freezer. It stirs and dispenses the ice in the bucket. You may need to replace the auger if your ice maker is noisy, or not dispensing ice. Disassembly of the ice bucket assembly is necessary to replace this part. Turn off power to the appliance before removing the ice bucket assembly to do this repair. Fixes these symptoms Engine revs but auger will not turn Engine runs but cutters do not turn Ice maker dispenses too little ice See more... Installation Instructions Tim from Newport News, VA Plastic Auger blades broke in ice tray I used a digital camera and photographed the assembled unit and the metal blades before I started the repair. Then, I removed the top screw on the clear shield. Flip over ice tray and removed two Phillips screws on bottom. Exterior plastic white cover comes off next. The cover sides have hard push-in white plastic tabs. Push them in; pry up top cover with small flathead screwdriver. Slide white top cover up and you will now see the metal blades and assembly. Auger is held in place with a metal c-clip and washer on the end. Use flat head screwdriver to pry off c-clip. Then you will see a nylon round slotted nut. The threads are reverse, use pliers and loosen nut. It is not that tight but pliers are needed. Then it all is loose and ready for removal. I slid all the blades off at one time and kept them stacked together. Slide out auger and clear flat shield cover. Install new auger, clear shield, and metal blade stack. When you put it all back together take a look at the long metal J-hook on the bottom make sure it is in the slot before you make everything tight. Failing to do this will prevent cubed ice from dispensing. It is not that hard to do the repair it just takes some patience and paying attention to details. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $43.95 In Stock Add to cart Hotpoint Front Drum Bearing ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 102 Reviews PartSelect Number PS960316 Manufacturer Part Number WE3M26 This Front Drum Bearing (Top Bearing, Dryer Drum Front Support Bearing, Drum Support Bearing, Dryer Drum Glide Bearing) holds the drum bearing and slides for the drum to turn on. The front drum bearing attaches onto the inside of the dryer front panel. When this part fails, the drum may no longer turn freely, make odd sounds, and not dry properly due to the drum no longer sealing. This part needs to be replaced if it is broken (often due to normal wear and tear), no longer able to hold the drum bearing slide securely, or has been eroded by the drum movement. This part is about 10 inches in height and 22 inches in width, and comes in white plastic. Sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Daniel from Chicago, IL Dryer was squeeling when running. I removed the two screws at the front above the drum opening (with the dryer door open). The top panel then lifts off. I removed the screw at each side that holds the front panel to the side panels, tilted the front panel forward, which disengages the front of the drum from the front drum glide bearing. I then lifted the front panel slightly, unhooking the bottom of the panel from the dryer base, and swung the front panel aside. I removed the existing top drum bearing guide, which was disintegrated, and snapped in the new bearing guide, with the nylon slide strips installed in the bearing guide. Next pulled out the old felt strip, and pressed the new one in place. I then put the bottom of the front panel back into the bottom of the dryer front, and while lifting the drum to asure it fit over the bearing guide, pushed the front panel back to a vertical position to mate with the side panels. I then replaced the side panel screws, replaced the top, and replaced the front top panel screws. Read more... Hotpoint Appliance Types Hotpoint Air Conditioner Parts Hotpoint Cooktop Parts Hotpoint Dishwasher Parts Hotpoint Dryer Parts Hotpoint Food Waste Disposer Parts Hotpoint Freezer Parts Hotpoint Ice Maker Parts Hotpoint Microwave Parts Hotpoint Microwave Oven Combo Parts Hotpoint Range Parts Hotpoint Vent Hood Parts Hotpoint Refrigerator Parts Hotpoint Thermostat Parts Parts Hotpoint Trash Compactor Parts Hotpoint Washer Parts Hotpoint Fridge Parts Hotpoint Oven Parts Hotpoint Stove Parts Back to Top Popular Hotpoint Models Below are the most popular Hotpoint models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? HTDX100EM8WW ELECTRIC DRYER HTS18GBSARWW Top Freezer S Series HSM25GFTASA Side-by-side T Series HSS25GFPJWW Side-by-side P Series HTX24EASK0WS ELECTRIC DRYER HSWP1000M4WW WASHER HSS25GFTAWW Side-by-side T Series HTS17GBSERWW Top Freezer S Series HSM25GFRFSA Side-by-side R Series HSS25GFPAWW Side-by-side P Series HTDX100ED6WW ELECTRIC DRYER HSS25IFMDWW Side-by-side M Series HTDP120ED0WW HSM25GFRESA Side-by-side R Series HSS25GFPHWW Side-by-side P Series HSS25GFTABB Side-by-side T Series HTDX100ED0WW HTWP1400F1WW HTS17GBSARWW Top Freezer S Series HSM25GFRASA Side-by-side R Series + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Industrial Air ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Industrial Air Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Industrial Air Parts Your Price $60.44 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Valve Plate Assy PartSelect Number PS9868614 Manufacturer Part Number 043-0180 This is a genuine OEM sourced replacement valve kit designed for use with Powermate equipment. The purpose of the valve plate is to allow air into the cylinder. Once the piston starts traveling up the reeds on the valve plate open and the air is sent into the tank. Over time valves and gaskets will become worn and would need to be replaced to keep your equipment running well. To complete this repair you would need a wrench set and a screwdriver to take off the housing and the cylinder head. Keep in mind this high-quality valve plate assembly is made of durable metal and is sold as an individual component. Your Price $14.23 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Kit Motor Fan 3.4 Od U5a 12 Mm PartSelect Number PS18329500 Manufacturer Part Number E107844 Your Price $88.35 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Plate, Assy PartSelect Number PS9868607 Manufacturer Part Number 043-0142 It is a genuine OEM supplied item that is made for use with Powermate air compressors. This is an identical replacement for damaged or a missing component that was installed on a new unit. The plate assembly is an important part which provides a tight seal between the head and the cylinder body. Check the diagrams for your model to ensure the correct repair procedure. Keep in mind this high-quality plate assembly is made of durable materials and is sold as an individual item. A wrench set will be needed to replace this component. Your Price $109.31 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Conrod Kit PartSelect Number PS12099532 Manufacturer Part Number E106671 Your Price $24.89 On Order Add to cart Industrial Air Element, Filter Replacement PartSelect Number PS9867411 Manufacturer Part Number 019-0221 It is a genuine manufacturer-sourced component that is designed for use with Powermate and Husky air compressors. The purpose of this filter is to ensure that the air that goes through the unit is free of dust and other harmful contaminants. Unfortunately, over time it will wear out and may get clogged eventually requiring a replacement to maintain peak performance. Keep in mind this high-quality filter element is made of durable materials and is sold individually. Your Price $36.36 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Gasket PartSelect Number PS9868774 Manufacturer Part Number 046-0151 This is a genuine manufacturer-sourced replacement part designed for use with Powermate air compressors. It provides a tight seal between connected parts, unfortunately, over time it may wear out and begin to fail eventually requiring a replacement. Please make sure to refer to the appropriate diagrams of your model for the correct location and application of this component. Keep in mind this high-quality gasket is made of durable composite material and is sold individually. Your Price $18.16 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Drain Valve PartSelect Number PS12099644 Manufacturer Part Number E109170 Your Price $27.65 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Filter Assembly PartSelect Number PS12099502 Manufacturer Part Number E106632 Your Price $24.40 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Valve, Bleeder PartSelect Number PS9890191 Manufacturer Part Number 136-0090 This is a genuine replacement part sourced from the original manufacturer for use with electric two stage air compressors made by Powermate. When the air compressor reaches the maximum air pressure, this valve bleeder releases the air. It is recommended to review your models diagram to verify the parts compatibility. This part is sold individually and made of durable material. Your Price $6.68 In Stock Add to cart Industrial Air Petcock PartSelect Number PS9870114 Manufacturer Part Number 072-0006 The petcock attaches to the bushing and the o-ring and is made of metal. This part is an OEM from Powermate for use in air compressors. Keep in mind this high-quality part is sold individually. An adjustable wrench might be needed during the installation process. This item may become broken or stripped and will need to be replaced. Industrial Air Appliance Types Industrial Air Compressor Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Inglis ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Inglis Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Inglis Parts Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Multi Rib Belt - 92-1/4" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 429 Reviews PartSelect Number PS346995 Manufacturer Part Number 341241 This dryer drum belt (Whirlpool Dryer Belt, Drive Belt) has four ridges, three grooves and is 1/4" wide, and 92 1/4 inches in length. It comes in black and is made of rubber. The belt transfers the rotation of the motor to turn the drum. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Ray from Denton, TX Dryer tub belt broke Removed the two screws that attatch the lent channel to the top of the dryer, then lifted the top of the dryer by pushing in on the two locking tabs located at the front , left and right , corners of the dryer top with a small flat head screw driver. The top of the dryer will fold back out of the way. At this point I removed the two 1/4 inch screws that are located on the inside of the dryer front left and right corners that hold the front panel/door to the two side panels. Now I was able to lift the front panel up and set it to the side. The bottom of the front panel that contains the dryer door that I just removed was held on the bottom by two clips that slide into slots on the front panel and did not require any removal to disconnect the bottom of the front panel, just pull up on the front panel. Since the tub was held in place by floating on a seal at the back of the dryer and a seal on the front panel , which I just removed the tub is now free floating except for the two alignment roller wheels at the bottom of the tub. It is easier if you lay the dryer on its back at this point with front of the tub pointing up. I pulled the tub out and cleaned the years of built up lent and removed all the pieces of the old , destroyed, belt. Note, the belt tentioner is located at the front of the motor which on the bottom right hand side. If your belt is broke like mine the tensioner may/will fall to the back of the dryer when you tilt it back, but do not worry. Once the dryer was cleaned up I put the tub back in place , still on its back and made sure the two alignment rollers were in place and rolled freely when the tub was turned by hand. Another note, my original belt tensioner did not have a rolling wheel that the belt rode on , but was a semi-circle smooth surface that the belt remained in constant friction with when the dyer was running, so I made sure the replacement tensioner I ordered with my new belt did have a rolling wheel that the belt would ride on, which I believe will reduce wear and extend the belt life. The new belt came with a diagram of the belt and tensioner routing which was helpful. Note: do not take the tensioner wheel off/apart when trying to route the belt. Follow the instructions routing diagram. The tensioner is held in palce by inserting the bottom back half into the slot in the bottom floor of the dryer making sure it is aligned with the belt pully on the shaft of the dryer motor. The dryer is still on its back side. Now, it was easier for me to route the belt around the center of the tub, following the marks from the original belt, and hold in in place in a few spots with masking tape and then route it thru the tensioner and onto the front pully of the motor. Make sure you have the grooves of the belt against the tub and the grooves are aligned with the pully on the motor. Now you can remove the masking tape that was holding the belt around the tub and spin the tub by hand watching the belt making sure it is not in a bind and is traveling around the motor pully , tensioner and tub freely. Make sure the tub is still sealed on the back side wall. As you turn the tub by hand you can adjust the belt by hand so that is following the original marks around the tub left by the orignal belt. Also double check the two alingment rollers and make sure they are spinning and on track. Now put the front panel with the door on by sliding it onto the two clips that are one the bottom at each side and put the two screws in that hold the front panel to the two side panels. Now stand the dryer back up and spin the tub by hand again making sure it has a good seal on the back side and on the front panel. Pull the top back down and put the two screws in that hold the lent channle to the top. I am not sure when the belt started failing on my dryer, but was amazed at how quiet it runs now. Guess I was use to the extra noise made by a dryer that was about to die. This was a cheap and easy repair and glad I did it myself. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.41 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Dishwasher Rack Track Stop ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 144 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11746591 Manufacturer Part Number WP8565925 The rack track stop on your dishwasher is designed to stop the dish rack at the appropriate place when opening and closing the rack. If your dishwasher is not cleaning your dishes properly, the rack stop may need to be replaced. The replacement part may differ slightly from the broken part, depending on the model. However, the different styles are interchangeable. This product is sold individually and comes in both a white and grey plastic version. Many of our customers found this repair to be very easy and takes less than 30 minutes to complete. Simply snap the old part out and snap the new part into place. You will not require any tools to complete the job. This is an authentic part approved by the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Steven from WASHINGTON, DC Upper rack wheels had begun to break off. Shoddy design and materials. I carefully followed the video instructions step by step. They were detailed, clear, and pointed out how to avoid installation mistakes. WIthout the video I would have been tempted to just figure it out myself - ("Hey, I'm a handy guy. How hard could it be, right?"). With the video I sailed right through with no dumb errors. The new rack adjuster wheel set is much sturdier than the Whirlpool original. It made sense to get new rack stops at the same time. Thank you, PartSelect. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.48 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Maintenance Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 356 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373087 Manufacturer Part Number 4392065 The drum support roller kit (Dryer Repair Kit) allows the dryer to tumble properly by supporting the drum cylinder. The idler pulley provides the tension required for a multi-ribbed belt. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. If your dryer is damaged, it may be making loud, squeaking, and/or squealing noises while the drum is turning. This is from normal wear and tear. The drum may eventually stop turning all together. This is a sign the part should be replaced. This is one complete maintenance kit. The kit includes the drum belt, drum support rollers, one idler pulley, four tri-rings, and one clip. The parts are constructed of plastic, metal, and rubber, and come in black/white/silver. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Marks left on clothes See more... Installation Instructions DENNIS from ALTOONA, FL Broken drive belt Grow a second set of hands. Always unplug any appliance. Remove lint screen. remove two screws (philips Head). I took a wooden shim lightly tapped w/hammer to pop front of dryer top free. Mine worked on hinges and just flipped back til it rested against the wall. Removed two 5/16 screws inside holding face on carefully raise face section off the support clips at either side on the bottom. Pull drum out (I have the large style drum commercial size [approx.). Clean the inside free of all lint (known to be fire hazard). Sling new belt around drum. Get newly grown set of hands to hold drum in place. Pinch belt to fit between tensioner, lift tensioner and place belt around motor pulley. Spin drum couple times to make certain belt isn't twisted. Reverse dismantle proccess to put back together. Replace all parts that come with kit, you'll feel better knowing you got a new dryer, almost. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $55.39 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Heating Element - 240v 5400w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 301 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334313 Manufacturer Part Number 279838 The heating element (Flat Can Heating Element 5400W, Heating Element, Whirlpool Dryer Heating Element, Dryer Heating Element) provides heat to the dryer. It is metal and measures 10.5 inches long, 7.5 inches wide, 2 inches deep. The element attaches to the heater housing. This part can break as a result of wear and tear. This can be material fatigue or prolonged high temperature exposure. If broken your clothes may not dry because of a lack of heat. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. First check the thermal fuse on the blower housing before deciding to replace the heating element. Fixes these symptoms Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Gadi from Irvine, CA Dryer motor runs, but no heat To reach the heating element you only need to open the back cover of the dryer (about 8 nut-head screws). Remember to disconnect the power. To remove the heating element there are two small nut-head screws. Remove the two electric wires. Then you can pull the heating element away. You can check the heating element with an ohm-meter or visually inspect it to see if the heating element spiral wire is broken. Don't hurry to dispose the old element. My model includes a small electric safety part. You'll need to transfer it to the new heating element (that comes without it).. Good luck. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Dryer Thermal Fuse ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 376 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741460 Manufacturer Part Number WP3392519 The Dryer Thermal Fuse (Thermal Cutoff, Temperature Fuse) is a 2 by ½ inch, white, plastic safety mechanism that stops the flow of electricity to the motor circuit when a dryer overheats. If the fuse is missing or broken, your dryer will not start. A thermal fuse fails when the exhaust temperature exceeds the fuse rating, that is when the temperature rises above the temperature that the fuse is designed to handle. This can occur when a heating element is shorted, a regulating thermostat or thermister fails, or with a partially restricted exhaust vent. The fuse attaches to the blower wheel housing. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. This is a one-time fuse, meaning it cannot be re-set. The replacement part features two 3/16 inch terminals. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions ANTHONY from CHESHIRE, CT Dryer was working, but no heat. First I unplugged the dryer, then removed the back panel, this exposed most all of the wiring and I could see the heater coils. Not knowing what the problem was I started looking at the coils and could not see any broken parts. So then checked the thermal fuse for continuity I removed the two wires from it with a small pair of needle nose pliers, it was held in place by two screws, once they were removed the fuse came out easily, I checked continuity with a volt meter placing the meter on X1 Ohms and could not get a reading. I replaced with a new one and put it all back together the way I took it apart. Then I plugged it in and it worked first time, I now have warm dry clothes. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.64 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Dryer Repair Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 240 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373088 Manufacturer Part Number 4392067 This Whirlpool Dryer Repair Kit is a convenient solution for fixing noise and drum movement problems in 27-inch dryers. Compatible with models from Whirlpool, Kenmore, Maytag, and more, the kit includes a drive belt, drum support rollers, an idler pulley, mounting clips, and a washer. It’s designed for straightforward installation using standard tools, and should only be installed after disconnecting power. Ideal for restoring smooth, quiet dryer performance, this kit combines essential components in one package to save time and effort during repairs. Installation requires disassembling the dryer to replace parts using standard tools. Ensure the dryer is unplugged before starting. This durable OEM kit provides reliable repairs for quieter, more efficient operation. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions jason from HOLDEN, MA very loud squeeling sound The issue was the idler pulley. First I began opening up the front panel based on a youtube video but soon realized the model was slightly different and required a lot more items to remove. I saw the pulley in the back with nothing in the way so I put the front panel crap back on and removed the rear panel. There it was, very simple to remove and replace. I'm not looking forward to drum rollers though. Hopefully they're aren't as difficult as they appear. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $44.95 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Refrigerator Door Shelf Bin ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 351 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752778 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10321304 This refrigerator door bin is a genuine OEM replacement designed to fit many side-by-side refrigerator models. Compatible with brands like KitchenAid, Maytag, and Amana, it attaches to the interior door, providing storage for jars and bottles. Featuring a clear design with white trim, this bin is both durable and functional. Installation is tool-free—simply align and snap into place. Verify your refrigerator’s model number before ordering to ensure compatibility, as dimensions may vary slightly. Restore your refrigerator's storage capacity and organization with this high-quality replacement door bin. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Ice maker not making ice Ice maker won’t dispense ice See more... Installation Instructions JULIA from BRONX, NEW YORK, NY replacing parts only the prices you had were great, now I see there was an increase in the parts. thank you Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $18.83 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Dryer Drum Support Roller ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 40 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11752609 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10314173 This drum support roller is sold individually. Most dryers require two. The tri-rings are included. This is a drum support roller for a dryer. It is a genuine replacement part. This part is sold separately. Most dryers require two drum rollers. It is recommended to check and replace both drum support rollers at the same time to ensure proper drum rotation and because they often wear at the same rate. The drum support roller holds the drum in the proper position while it spins on the support wheels. If rollers are worn out, they will cause the dryer to be noisy. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Jeff from Phoenix, AZ noisy and slow drum speed 1. disconnect power,gas and vent lines 2. pop off top of unit 3. remove front of dryer 4. lay unit on its back 5. remove drum and replace pulley assembly,belt,drum rollers of which it has 2 rear and 2 front 6. reverse above and then remove filter-vent housing and scrape off old seal install new seal 7. re-connect power,gas and vent use again 8. only sad part to whole job was seeing how cheaply whirlpool now makes thier products Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $56.38 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Dryer Heating Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 164 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741416 Manufacturer Part Number WP3387747 When connected to electricity the dryer heating element glows red hot and generates heat. When air is blown over it, it heats the air which is used to dry the clothes. The heating element fits inside the heater housing inside the dryer. Wear and tear on the heater coil from use will eventually cause the coil to break and the element to fail. When this part fails it can cease to produce any heat. Alternately, the coil could break and short to ground allowing the dryer to continue to heat even when turned off. The latter is a fire hazard and the dryer should be disconnected from power until the element is replaced. If the element coil breaks, the element needs to be replaced. This model is 11 by 5 inches with 5/16” terminals, metal and ceramic, and comes in black. It is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Not Heating Too hot See more... Installation Instructions Alan from Brooksville, FL Burned out heater element Remove the kick plate from the bottom of the dryer by sliding a putty knife along the top edge to release the plastic clamps, one on each side about 4" in from the edges. The kick plate folds out and down. You will see the heat shield on the right, held in by one hex head screw. Remove screw and heat shield. The element is positioned in an open-front housing and is fastened to the left side of the housing by two hex head screws, located on the "rail" of the element and right near the two wires. Remove the hex-head screws that hold the element in place and disconnected the two wires by pulling them out by hand or with needle nose pliers. The only difficulty here is the cramped working area...I recommend a stubby socket driver for these two screws. Most of this I had to do by feel because I could not see the screw heads. Once the screws are out and the wires have been disconnected, slide the old element straight out toward you. You may need to disconnect a small plastic hose located to the left front of the element, but this hose just pulls right off. Vacume the dust & lint build-up out of the whole area, wipe out the element housing and clean up the whole underside of the dryer prior to installing the new element. Installation is reverse of removal. It also might be a good opportunity to clean out your exhaust duct and the vent to the outside. (Never use the aluminum foil-accordian-type duct.) If the exterior dryer vent has any kind of screen over it, remove it and get rid of it. Screens collect lint, lint builds up and burns out elements. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $85.84 In Stock Add to cart Inglis Refrigerator Crisper Drawer With Humidity Control ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 492 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11739119 Manufacturer Part Number WP2188656 The crisper drawer (Crisper Pan, Refrigerator Crisper Drawer) with humidity control is meant to keep your vegetables and fruit as fresh as possible by allowing you to regulate the humidity levels within the drawer. It attaches on the inside of your refrigerator to the bottom of the crisper shelf. This drawer can break from misuse or accidental damage. It is also subject to material fatigue over time. If broken or damaged, it may be difficult to slide the drawer in and out, and it should be replaced. This plastic drawer measures 14.92 inches long, 7.6 inches high, and 16.5 inches wide and comes in white/clear. Fixes these symptoms Clicking sound Door Sweating Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions JULIA from BRONX, NEW YORK, NY replacing parts only the prices you had were great, now I see there was an increase in the parts. thank you Read more... Inglis Appliance Types Inglis Dishwasher Parts Inglis Dryer Parts Inglis Microwave Parts Inglis Range Parts Inglis Refrigerator Parts Inglis Range Hood Parts Inglis Washer Parts Back to Top Popular Inglis Models Below are the most popular Inglis models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? IFW7200TW10 Residential, Automatic IED4400VQ1 Residential ITW4300SQ0 Residential IRT184300 Top freezer, Top-mount IFW7300WW00 Residential, Automatic ITW4300SQ3 Residential IED4400SQ0 29" Electric YIED4671EW1 ELECTRIC DRYER IS25AGXRQ02 Side-by-side IVE32300 Freestanding, Electric IJ80001 Residential IV85001 Residential IP80000 Residential YIFW7300WW00 IP82000 Residential IED4300SQ0 Residential IST183300 Top freezer, Top-mount YIED4400VQ1 Residential 29" Electric IES5000RQ1 Residential ITQ225300 Side-by-side Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Kawasaki ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Kawasaki Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Part Type Popular Kawasaki Parts Your Price $5.41 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Spark Plug PartSelect Number PS9314547 Manufacturer Part Number BPR4ES This NGK BPR4ES spark plug is sourced from the original manufacturer for use in a variety of small engines. It is responsible for igniting the fuel-air mixture in the engine cylinder, needed for the engine to operate. The spark plug is a small, cylindrical part consisting of a metal body, a ceramic/porcelain insulator, one center electrode, and one ground electrode. The spark plug can fail if the insulator breaks, the electrodes wear down, or if it becomes fouled. If the spark plug has failed, you will experience difficulties starting your equipment, decreased power output, and engine misfiring. To check if the spark plug is faulty, you can use a spark tester or a multimeter set to continuity. To replace the spark plug, first disconnect the spark plug wire, and then use a spark plug socket wrench to loosen and remove the old spark plug. Take the new spark plug and set the gap to the correct size. Thread it into the cylinder head using your hands to avoid cross-threading. Once it is in place you can finish tightening it with the spark plug socket wrench. Reconnect the wire, and the equipment should be ready to run smoothly again. Your Price $7.94 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Rocker Cover Gasket PartSelect Number PS9258658 Manufacturer Part Number 11060-7013 This is an Authentic Manufacturer Sourced replacement part used on Kawasaki Engines. This rocker cover gasket is for the cylinder head. It is sold Individually. It provides a strong seal to protect from leaks. Over time gaskets tend to deteriorate and would need to be replaced. You would need a Wrench to replace this item. Your Price $20.21 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Air Filter Element PartSelect Number PS11835481 Manufacturer Part Number 11013-0752 This is an original Kawasaki replacement air filter element used on small engines. It is supplied from original manufacturer and it is sold individually. This assembly includes a pleated paper filter in a plastic housing and a metal clamp which is used to secure element to the air filter tube. No tools would be needed to complete this repair. • Simply loosen the bolt knob on the clamp • Remove old element and install new one • Fasten the clamp and test the unit Your Price $10.74 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Fuel Filter PartSelect Number PS11835770 Manufacturer Part Number 49019-0027 This OEM Fuel Filter is a white, individually sold, plastic part, which measures 3 x 1.25 inches. It can be installed using pliers and is rated as Easy to install by customers (Tip: Make sure the fuel clip is secure when installing). This part is attached along the fuel line, between the fuel tank and carburator, and is used to filter contaminents out of the fuel. If broken fuel will leak, and it will smell. If clogged, there will be no fuel flowing out of it. If broken or clogged, it should be replaced. It should also be replaced during regular maintenance. Check your owners manual or model number to ensure you are selecting the right part. Your Price $5.31 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Fuel Tank Grommet ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 2 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9156129 Manufacturer Part Number 92071-2142 The Fuel Tank Grommet is a 1-inch, black, rubber part. It attaches to the fuel tank so you can run your fuel lines through it, and is rated as "Easy" to install by most of our customers. If worn or damaged, it will begin to leak fuel, and must be replaced. Refer to your make, model and diagrams to ensure you're choosing the right part. Your Price $5.16 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Gasket PartSelect Number PS16664422 Manufacturer Part Number 11061-1285 This replacement gasket is an authentic manufacturer sourced item that is specially designed for Kawasaki engines. This item provides an air tight seal for the rocker case, over time gaskets tend to deteriorate and get compresses eventually requiring replacement. One durable composite material gasket is sold individually, to replace it you will need a wrench. Your Price $14.31 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Engine Oil PartSelect Number PS12693425 Manufacturer Part Number 99969-6296 Kawasaki 10W-40 4-Cycle Oil. Kawasaki KTECH 4-cycle oil is enhanced with Anti-Foaming and Anti-Sheer agents, along with other additives. Your Price $5.16 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki O-ring PartSelect Number PS9058832 Manufacturer Part Number 670D2016 This O-ring, also known as a round seal, is an authentic OEM part used in lawn and garden equipment. It is a small, circular, rubber ring that helps create an airtight seal between the oil filter filler and engine to prevent leaking and ensure adequate lubrication. It is common for the O-ring to become brittle and lose its elasticity due to aging, and exposure to chemicals and high temperatures in the equipment. If an O-ring fails, it can result in oil leakage, leading to reduced equipment performance, and potential damage to the surrounding components. Carefully the oil ring off the sealing surface and clean the area thoroughly to ensure a proper seal for the new O-ring. Lightly lubricate the new O-ring and press it on to the sealing surface. Your Price $13.26 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Priming Pump ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 1 Review PartSelect Number PS8977546 Manufacturer Part Number 49043-2067 The Primer, or priming pump, is a plastic part that attaches to the carburetor. It's rated as "Easy" to install by most of our customers. This part is used to pump fuel from the fuel tank to the carburetor or to start the engine. If damaged, it will no longer pump fuel. It may also be physically, noticably broken. Replace this part if damaged. Check your make, model and diagrams to ensure you're choosing the right part. Your Price $8.63 In Stock Add to cart Kawasaki Spark Plug PartSelect Number PS9182095 Manufacturer Part Number BPMR6A This replacement spark plug is specially manufactured for use with Kawasaki engines. It is sourced directly from original equipment manufacturer and it is sold individually. Spark plugs are used to deliver the electric current from an ignition system to an internal combustion engine. Over time spark plugs will get dirty or fouled requiring replacement. You should gap your spark plug according to the owners manual of the outdoor product you have. You would need a spark plug wrench or a socket wrench to replace this spark plug. Related Kawasaki Parts Kawasaki Brush CutterParts Kawasaki Cultivator Parts Kawasaki Edger Parts Kawasaki EngineParts Kawasaki GeneratorParts Kawasaki Hedge Trimmer Parts Kawasaki Leaf Blower / VacuumParts Kawasaki Pole Saw Parts Kawasaki Small Engine Parts Kawasaki TrimmerParts Kawasaki Water Pump Parts Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Feedback How would you rate your experience? Hate Love Next Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Kelvinator ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Kelvinator Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Kelvinator Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $32.95 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Oven Bake Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 514 Reviews PartSelect Number PS438018 Manufacturer Part Number 316075103 The Oven Bake Element is a black, metal part which supplies heat to the oven. This element is 19-1/2" wide x 18-1/2" long and has 3-1/2" inserts. It is rated as "Easy" to install by users, and attaches to the bottom of the oven. If you notice visible damage, or that your oven is not receiving heat properly then it may be a problem with this part. Check your model number and user manual to see if this is the right part for you. It is important for you to disconnect your appliance from the power source before performing this repair. After disconnecting your appliance, remove the two screws/nuts connecting the old element, pull it out, and discard if faulty. Simply connect the new element prongs where the old element fit, and screw it back in. You may need a flashlight when making this repair. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when baking Little to no heat when broiling See more... Installation Instructions David from Shawnee, KS Oven woudn't heat 1. Removed two screws, pulled out the element, voltage tested the element and determined it was an open circuit (bad element). 2. Ordered the part from partselect.com 3. Disconnected element, connected the new one, and screwed it back in. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $41.95 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Door Shelf Retainer Bar ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 218 Reviews PartSelect Number PS734935 Manufacturer Part Number 240534901 This door shelf retaining bar, also known as refrigerator door bar retainer or fridge door rack, is a genuine part sourced from the original manufacturer. It is a white This manufacturer-certified Door Shelf Retainer Bar, sometimes otherwise known as the door rack or bar retainer, is a white, plastic part which can be easily installed onto the inside of the refrigerator or freezer door to hold items on the door shelves. It holds items in your fridge and will show physical damage if broken or warped, at which time it should be replaced. Check your user manual and model number to see if this part is right for you. No tools are required for this installation, the part should simply snap into place. This part measures roughly 25 inches wide, 3 inches high, and 5 inches deep. This part is sold individually, and we recommend checking the other door shelf retaining bars on your refrigerator or freezer at the same time as ordering this part to ensure that no others need to be replaced, as they often wear or warp at similar speeds. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Cynthia from Long Beach, CA The retainer door shelf broke 3 years ago I just snapped the new shelves in place and !voila! I should've done this years ago. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $40.95 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Lower Spray Arm ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 148 Reviews PartSelect Number PS12585623 Manufacturer Part Number 5304517203 The Lower Spray Arm is used in your dishwasher to spray water and clean your dishes. If broken there will be visible damage or your dishes may no longer be cleaned properly. If your spray arm is broken (due to general wear or high heat), it should be replaced. Your lower spray arm will be located at the bottom of your dishwasher tub. Check your user manual and model number to ensure this model is right for you. This version is plastic and metal and comes in gray/blue. We recommend you wear work gloves to keep your hands safe when installing and disconnect power to the appliance. You will also want to make sure that you turn off the water supply to your dishwasher. From here, you will want to open the dishwasher, pull out the lower rack and set it aside. Remove the lower wash arm. On each side of the bottom of the spray arm, there are small locking tabs that can be pushed aside using a flathead screwdriver. Once released, the spray arm can easily be pulled off the dishwasher. Put the new lower wash arm in place and push it down to lock it in. Ensure it is spinning freely and does not hit the heating element. Return the lower dish rack into place and then close the dishwasher door. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Leaking Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Donna from Madison, OH spray arm keeps melting I have had to keep replacing the spray arm on the bottom of my dishwasher which takes like 2 seconds to do.. First you open the dishwasher and than pull the bottom basked forward and reach down and pull the spray arm up and pop the bottom of the spray arm off and put it on the new spray arm and slip it back into the dishwasher over the thing that makes it spin around.. but the tricky part is and I didn't know this and this is why my dishwasher spray arm kept falling over and melting on the heating element.. you have to turn it till it clicks in.. and your done.. Read more... VIDEOS! 60% OFF Your Price $19.94 $49.81 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Door Shelf Retainer Bar ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 110 Reviews PartSelect Number PS734936 Manufacturer Part Number 240534701 The Door Shelf Retainer Bar, also known as a refrigerator door rack, is a white, plastic part which can be easily installed onto your fridge door. It holds items in your fridge and will show physical damage if broken, at which time it should be replaced. Check your user manual and model number to see if this part is right for you. To install this part, you will need to remove the old one by unlocking the tabs, which can be slid with your fingers. To install the new shelf, line it up with the shelf cut-outs, over the tabs, and gently press it down to lock it into place. This part generally fits the middle door shelf of refrigerators. This is a part that frequently requires multiple parts per refrigerator. Because it is sold individually, you will need to purchase as many door racks as necessary to complete your repair. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Lannie from Buffalo, WY door rack was broken pulled broke rack off, snapped new one in place. Yeah!! No more broken jars on the floor. Read more... Your Price $14.95 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Chrome Drip Bowl - 6" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 109 Reviews PartSelect Number PS437596 Manufacturer Part Number 316048414 The drip bowl catches grease and spills that come from cooking on your stove top. They are located under the heating elements. Drip bowls are often neglected and can become rusted and cracked. If your drip bowl is damaged, it could allow grease, food, or other spills to drip inside your range. This could become a fire hazard. This 6 inch chrome drip bowl fits most electric ranges. Before you replace your damaged drip bowl, make sure the element is turned off and cool to the touch. To replace the drip bowl, remove the element, replace the current drip bowl, and reattach the element. This part is sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat See more... Installation Instructions John from Nisswa, MN Old pans/bowls were corroded Very easy---simply unplug the burners, remove the old pans and replace with the new ones I was extremely pleased with the easy ordering and prompt delivery of parts that actually fit as they should! Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.95 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Dishwasher Bottom Door Gasket ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 208 Reviews PartSelect Number PS9495545 Manufacturer Part Number 809006501 This dishwasher door gasket (Bottom Gasket, Gasket, Door Seal, Dishwasher Door Lower Seal) helps prevent water from leaking out of the bottom edge of your dishwasher door by creating a watertight seal. This part is attached to the bottom of your dishwasher inner door panel. It is frequently exposed to water and detergent during its lifetime. The water and chemicals can eventually wear down the gasket and compromise the integrity of the seal. If the gasket is malfunctioning, the integrity of the door seal will be effected. You will notice leaking through the bottom of your dishwasher door. If your dishwasher is leaking water from the bottom of the door, first inspect the seal for food particles near the bottom and sides, and remove the buildup, as it can stop the door from closing properly and keeping a tight seal; if not, you may need to replace the bottom door gasket. Check the door gasket for tears, cuts, or wear. This part is sold individually and measures 22.5 inches by 1.25 inches. It is constructed of plastic, and comes in yellow/grey. Includes one lower door gasket. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Scott from Flowood, MS Bottom Door Seal fell apart and started leaking. First I opened the door all the way. Second I reached down to the bottom gasket then grabed it on the right end of the seal that is on the right side of the door. Then I pulled the end outward from the bottom of the door toward the heater coil in the bottom of the washer. It came out real easy. You see it just snaps into a little plastic groove under the door. I then cleaned up the area for food and soap particules. I then placed the new gasket in place by lining up the notch toward the right end with the piece of plastic that encloses the right end of the plastic notch on the bottom right end of the door. Then push it in untill it stops going into the notch. It snaps in but does not make a snaping sound. It just won't go in no more. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $31.96 Special Order Add to cart Kelvinator Dishwasher Tub Gasket - Gray ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 52 Reviews PartSelect Number PS8260227 Manufacturer Part Number 154827601 This grey OEM dishwasher tub gasket is a 73" grey rubber part that creates a seal around the dishwasher to prevent any water leakage during a cycle. If it's damaged or broken, you'll start seeing water leaking out. If broken, it should be replaced. Refer to your model number and user manual to ensure this part is right for you. When making this repair, open the dishwasher door and take out the lower dish tray for better access. Pull out the old gasket, and clean the channel with a rag. Push the new gasket into place into the notch on the door, which you should see upon close inspection, using a flat-head screwdriver for assistance if necessary. We do not recommend cutting any additional length off on the tub gasket if any is present during your repair. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Charles from Milton, FL dishwasher was leaking water I removed old tub gasket, which the door presses against to make a seal, and put the new one in. Flat tip screwdriver was used to gently press gasket in. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $120.62 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Refrigerator Crisper Pan ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 54 Reviews PartSelect Number PS429854 Manufacturer Part Number 240337103 This manufacturer-certified Refrigerator Crisper Pan is a clear plastic pan which easily inserts into your fridge's crisper area in order to hold items. In some models of refrigerator this model is the same pan for both the meat and vegetable bins, but please note that this part is sold individually and not part of a complete kit. If broken then the part should be replaced. Refer to your user manual and model number to see if this crisper is right for your fridge. This bin measures approximately 11 inches deep and 22 inches long. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Melody from Hammond, IN pan-crisper broke / drawer support rail broke pan-crisper pan was easy because is just slide in. the drawer support rail just took a screwdriver to unscrew the screw and replace it with new rail and put the screw back in. The thing I like the best is the fast service of the parts to me. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $49.93 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Drawer Support Rail - Right Side ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 176 Reviews PartSelect Number PS430917 Manufacturer Part Number 240530701 This manufacturer-certified drawer support rail supports the right side of the sliding drawer. It is a track that helps the drawer slide open and closed with ease. If you are having trouble opening or closing your fresh food drawer, check the support rails for any blockage, or visible damage. If the rail is damaged, it should be replaced to ensure no further damage is done to the drawer itself. The repair is straightforward: unscrew and remove the existing support rail, then fasten the new rail in place. This genuine OEM replacement part is made of plastic and is white in color. NOTE: This part is sold separately from the left side drawer support rail. The part measures approximately 16 inches long by 1 inch high. Fixes these symptoms Door won’t open or close See more... Installation Instructions Jane from Owosso, MI broken refrigerator door shelves snapped right on and removed screws, insert and replace screws. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $42.95 In Stock Add to cart Kelvinator Infinite Burner Switch - Large Element ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 86 Reviews PartSelect Number PS1145040 Manufacturer Part Number 316436001 The infinite burner switch controls the stove top eight-inch surface burner, which is the large surface element. If your surface element is not warming up, the element can be tested to determine whether or not it is defective. If your element is not defective, then it is more than likely that the infinite burner switch is the issue. Before you install the infinite burner switch you will need to unplug your range from the power supply, or shut off the home circuit breaker. The tools you will need to do this repair include a number one square head screwdriver and a pair of needle nose pliers. Fixes these symptoms Element will not heat Little to no heat when broiling Oven is too hot See more... Installation Instructions William from Burke, VA Back Burner didn't function We moved into our townhouse about 6 yrs ago. During the home inspection we checked the range and saw the Red light come on when we turned on each burner. After moving in we realized the large back burner did not work. The light came on but the element never got hot. I of course replaced the element but that did not work. Several years passed and we just ignored the issue. We just got by with 3 burners. Lately we realized how much easier it would be to have all four burners working. Knowing that we will be selling our townhome soon we figured we should either fix the problem or replace the range. I didn't want to call a repair man because I didn't want to be charged a $150 to have him come out and they to pay extra for parts (and of course a 2nd visit). So I went to www.Partselect.com and typed in the model of my range. Found the diagrams for my range and saw that from the switch ran a pair of wires to a Universal Receptacle (aka Terminal Block Kit). I figured since the Red light turns on when I turn the switch on it has to be the Terminal Block. I ordered the part from www.Partselect.com ($14.00 including shipping) and replaced the part. The burner still would not get hot. I decided to test the switch. I removed the Control Panel cover (which is secure by 2 screws just below the digital clock). Once the cover was off, I saw the Blue wires going from the switch to the Terminal Block. To test the switch, I disconnected the two Blue Wires from connectors H1 and H2 and temporarily connected them to H1 and H2 of another switch. Sure enough, when I turned the other switch the element got hot. So I placed another order from www.Partselect.com for a replacement switch ($50 including shipping). When that part came, I flipped the electrical circuit going to the range. I then removed the Control Panel cover again. With the new switch in hand (holding it near the old switch still attached to the Control Panel, I used the pliers to pull out each wire from it's connector and place it to it's corresponding connector on the new switch. Once all the wires were connected to the new switch, I pulled the knob of the switch off then used a phillips screwdriver to remove the two screws holding the switch to the control panel. I replaced the old switch with the new one put the screws back in, replaced the knob. Turned the circuit back on and tested to make sure that the element got hot. When it did, then I replaced the Control Panel cover and enjoyed a nice dinner that was cooked in less time than we're accustomed to because of the new burner. So I spent a total of $64.00 to fix our range. Less than half the amount I would've spent if I called for a technican. And far less then buying a new range. Partselect is a great resource for information. They have diagrams and schematics available to view and/or download. And when ordering it's a snap because there's an "Add to Cart" button next to each part it lists. So there's no confusion. I've already recommended Partselect.com to about 5 people. And will continue to do so!! Read more... Kelvinator Appliance Types Kelvinator Air Conditioner Parts Kelvinator Dehumidifier Parts Kelvinator Dishwasher Parts Kelvinator Dryer Parts Kelvinator Garbage Disposer Parts Kelvinator Food Waste Disposer Parts Kelvinator Freezer Parts Kelvinator Range Parts Kelvinator Refrigerator Parts Kelvinator Wall Oven Parts Kelvinator Washer Parts Kelvinator Washer Dryer Combo Parts Kelvinator Oven Parts Back to Top Popular Kelvinator Models Below are the most popular Kelvinator models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? KFS220RHY1 KRS220RHY2 KCBM180FQYA UPRIGHT FREEZER KCBM180RQYA FREEZER KCS200GW3 KFS220RHY0 KFS220RHY2 FREEZER KRS220RHY3 REFRIGERATOR KRS220RHY0 KCS200GW4 FREEZER MDE336REW0 Electric KFS221LHY1 KGM220RHY3 MDE336RES0 Electric KFU21M7LW2 KATR1816MS1 KRS221LHY2 KCCF220QWA FREEZER KRS220RGW0 KCG150LW0 Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline

=== Brand: Kenmore ===
Skip to main content 1-866-319-8402 Monday to Saturday 8am - 8pm EST Order Status Your Account Departments Brands Symptoms Blog Repair Help Water Filter Finder Price Match Guarantee Fast Shipping All Original Manufacturer Parts 1 Year Warranty Kenmore Parts Find Your Part SEARCH Need help finding your model number? Search your model number to find: Genuine OEM parts guaranteed to fit Free manuals and guides Repair instructions and videos Why Genuine OEM Matters Shop By Appliance Type Popular Kenmore Parts VIDEOS! Your Price $33.48 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Lower Dishrack Wheel ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 404 Reviews PartSelect Number PS3406971 Manufacturer Part Number W10195416 This OEM gray Dishwasher Lower Dishrack Wheel Assembly is a plastic kit that allows the rack to slide in and out of the dishwasher easily. If it breaks or becomes damaged. sliding will feel difficult. This can happen due to normal wear and tear, and the part should be replaced if this occurs. Check your model number and user manual to make sure this part is correct. It attaches directly to the dishrack. To repair, open the dishwasher door and pull out the lower dishrack. Next, push the tab from both sides and it should pop out. To install the new wheel assembly, place it on the rack and make sure the caps overlap the wire from the inside before you clip it in place by pushing the wheel. It measures roughly 3x6 inches. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Thomas from WEST OLIVE, MI Broken wheel unit on the bottom dish rack All you do is pop out the old wheel unit at two (2) points on the plastic wheel housing and pop in the new one. Easy fix. Less than a 5 minute fix. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $52.95 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Upper Rack Adjuster Kit - White Wheels, Left And Right Sides ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 726 Reviews PartSelect Number PS10065979 Manufacturer Part Number W10712395 This authentic Dishwasher Upper Rack Adjuster Kit with white wheels is a kit made up of primarily plastic and metal components, which will require a screwdriver to install. This kit comes with all the necessary parts for a dishwasher rack adjuster. It fits onto the dishwasher rack and connects it to the track allowing it to slide in and out. If broken then the rack will no longer slide properly, and the part must be replaced. In many cases, our customers have reported the top rack of their dishwasher hanging down or sagging due to the adjuster kit, particularly if the wheels, have broken or failed. If you are having problems in this area, this kit will help get your dishwasher back up and running. Check your model number and user manual to see if this part is right for you. The parts for this kit come as a package and are not generally sold individually. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Richard from OAKLAND, CA Instruction from Whirlpool Not Good (No problem with Part Select) Trial and error. The instructions from Whirlpool included with the part had minuscule pictures so it was hard to follow. The written instructions were good. But "a picture is worth a thousand words." Eventually it worked. The metal replacement part is much better the the plastic original. Not a good reflection on Whirlpool. Read more... Your Price $32.45 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Dishwasher Upper Rack Adjuster ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 161 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11756150 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10546503 This OEM Dishwasher Upper Rack Adjuster is a grayish-black, plastic part which will require a screwdriver to install. It fits onto the dishwasher rack and connects it to the track allowing it to slide in and out. If broken then the rack will no longer slide properly, and the part must be replaced. The installation has been rated as "easy" by customers. Before beginning any repair, you should unplug the dishwasher and wear gloves to protect your hands. Check your model number and user manual to see if this part is right for you! Your dishwasher should have a left and right upper rack adjuster, and both are the same part. These parts are sold individually, so if you are looking to replace both, you will need to order two parts. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Kathie from Breda, IA Broken parts on rack Easy...easy....I first watched YouTube videos on how to fix our problem. We replaced both tracks and also the rack adjuster on both sides of the rack. The entire repair took about an hour and most of that time was spent finding the tools at our house!! I ordered the parts on a Sunday evening and they were at our house on Tuesday!!! Will use this sight again if repairs are needed. Read more... Your Price $14.63 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Multi Rib Belt - 92-1/4" ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 429 Reviews PartSelect Number PS346995 Manufacturer Part Number 341241 This dryer drum belt (Whirlpool Dryer Belt, Drive Belt) has four ridges, three grooves and is 1/4" wide, and 92 1/4 inches in length. It comes in black and is made of rubber. The belt transfers the rotation of the motor to turn the drum. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy See more... Installation Instructions Ray from Denton, TX Dryer tub belt broke Removed the two screws that attatch the lent channel to the top of the dryer, then lifted the top of the dryer by pushing in on the two locking tabs located at the front , left and right , corners of the dryer top with a small flat head screw driver. The top of the dryer will fold back out of the way. At this point I removed the two 1/4 inch screws that are located on the inside of the dryer front left and right corners that hold the front panel/door to the two side panels. Now I was able to lift the front panel up and set it to the side. The bottom of the front panel that contains the dryer door that I just removed was held on the bottom by two clips that slide into slots on the front panel and did not require any removal to disconnect the bottom of the front panel, just pull up on the front panel. Since the tub was held in place by floating on a seal at the back of the dryer and a seal on the front panel , which I just removed the tub is now free floating except for the two alignment roller wheels at the bottom of the tub. It is easier if you lay the dryer on its back at this point with front of the tub pointing up. I pulled the tub out and cleaned the years of built up lent and removed all the pieces of the old , destroyed, belt. Note, the belt tentioner is located at the front of the motor which on the bottom right hand side. If your belt is broke like mine the tensioner may/will fall to the back of the dryer when you tilt it back, but do not worry. Once the dryer was cleaned up I put the tub back in place , still on its back and made sure the two alignment rollers were in place and rolled freely when the tub was turned by hand. Another note, my original belt tensioner did not have a rolling wheel that the belt rode on , but was a semi-circle smooth surface that the belt remained in constant friction with when the dyer was running, so I made sure the replacement tensioner I ordered with my new belt did have a rolling wheel that the belt would ride on, which I believe will reduce wear and extend the belt life. The new belt came with a diagram of the belt and tensioner routing which was helpful. Note: do not take the tensioner wheel off/apart when trying to route the belt. Follow the instructions routing diagram. The tensioner is held in palce by inserting the bottom back half into the slot in the bottom floor of the dryer making sure it is aligned with the belt pully on the shaft of the dryer motor. The dryer is still on its back side. Now, it was easier for me to route the belt around the center of the tub, following the marks from the original belt, and hold in in place in a few spots with masking tape and then route it thru the tensioner and onto the front pully of the motor. Make sure you have the grooves of the belt against the tub and the grooves are aligned with the pully on the motor. Now you can remove the masking tape that was holding the belt around the tub and spin the tub by hand watching the belt making sure it is not in a bind and is traveling around the motor pully , tensioner and tub freely. Make sure the tub is still sealed on the back side wall. As you turn the tub by hand you can adjust the belt by hand so that is following the original marks around the tub left by the orignal belt. Also double check the two alingment rollers and make sure they are spinning and on track. Now put the front panel with the door on by sliding it onto the two clips that are one the bottom at each side and put the two screws in that hold the front panel to the two side panels. Now stand the dryer back up and spin the tub by hand again making sure it has a good seal on the back side and on the front panel. Pull the top back down and put the two screws in that hold the lent channle to the top. I am not sure when the belt started failing on my dryer, but was amazed at how quiet it runs now. Guess I was use to the extra noise made by a dryer that was about to die. This was a cheap and easy repair and glad I did it myself. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $10.41 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Dishwasher Rack Track Stop ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 144 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11746591 Manufacturer Part Number WP8565925 The rack track stop on your dishwasher is designed to stop the dish rack at the appropriate place when opening and closing the rack. If your dishwasher is not cleaning your dishes properly, the rack stop may need to be replaced. The replacement part may differ slightly from the broken part, depending on the model. However, the different styles are interchangeable. This product is sold individually and comes in both a white and grey plastic version. Many of our customers found this repair to be very easy and takes less than 30 minutes to complete. Simply snap the old part out and snap the new part into place. You will not require any tools to complete the job. This is an authentic part approved by the manufacturer. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Leaking See more... Installation Instructions Steven from WASHINGTON, DC Upper rack wheels had begun to break off. Shoddy design and materials. I carefully followed the video instructions step by step. They were detailed, clear, and pointed out how to avoid installation mistakes. WIthout the video I would have been tempted to just figure it out myself - ("Hey, I'm a handy guy. How hard could it be, right?"). With the video I sailed right through with no dumb errors. The new rack adjuster wheel set is much sturdier than the Whirlpool original. It made sense to get new rack stops at the same time. Thank you, PartSelect. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $34.48 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Maintenance Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 356 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373087 Manufacturer Part Number 4392065 The drum support roller kit (Dryer Repair Kit) allows the dryer to tumble properly by supporting the drum cylinder. The idler pulley provides the tension required for a multi-ribbed belt. The belt attaches to the drum, idler pulley, and motor pulley. If your dryer is damaged, it may be making loud, squeaking, and/or squealing noises while the drum is turning. This is from normal wear and tear. The drum may eventually stop turning all together. This is a sign the part should be replaced. This is one complete maintenance kit. The kit includes the drum belt, drum support rollers, one idler pulley, four tri-rings, and one clip. The parts are constructed of plastic, metal, and rubber, and come in black/white/silver. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Marks left on clothes See more... Installation Instructions DENNIS from ALTOONA, FL Broken drive belt Grow a second set of hands. Always unplug any appliance. Remove lint screen. remove two screws (philips Head). I took a wooden shim lightly tapped w/hammer to pop front of dryer top free. Mine worked on hinges and just flipped back til it rested against the wall. Removed two 5/16 screws inside holding face on carefully raise face section off the support clips at either side on the bottom. Pull drum out (I have the large style drum commercial size [approx.). Clean the inside free of all lint (known to be fire hazard). Sling new belt around drum. Get newly grown set of hands to hold drum in place. Pinch belt to fit between tensioner, lift tensioner and place belt around motor pulley. Spin drum couple times to make certain belt isn't twisted. Reverse dismantle proccess to put back together. Replace all parts that come with kit, you'll feel better knowing you got a new dryer, almost. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $55.39 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Heating Element - 240v 5400w ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 301 Reviews PartSelect Number PS334313 Manufacturer Part Number 279838 The heating element (Flat Can Heating Element 5400W, Heating Element, Whirlpool Dryer Heating Element, Dryer Heating Element) provides heat to the dryer. It is metal and measures 10.5 inches long, 7.5 inches wide, 2 inches deep. The element attaches to the heater housing. This part can break as a result of wear and tear. This can be material fatigue or prolonged high temperature exposure. If broken your clothes may not dry because of a lack of heat. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. First check the thermal fuse on the blower housing before deciding to replace the heating element. Fixes these symptoms Heat stays on after drum has stopped Noisy Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions Gadi from Irvine, CA Dryer motor runs, but no heat To reach the heating element you only need to open the back cover of the dryer (about 8 nut-head screws). Remember to disconnect the power. To remove the heating element there are two small nut-head screws. Remove the two electric wires. Then you can pull the heating element away. You can check the heating element with an ohm-meter or visually inspect it to see if the heating element spiral wire is broken. Don't hurry to dispose the old element. My model includes a small electric safety part. You'll need to transfer it to the new heating element (that comes without it).. Good luck. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $17.90 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Dryer Thermal Fuse ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 376 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11741460 Manufacturer Part Number WP3392519 The Dryer Thermal Fuse (Thermal Cutoff, Temperature Fuse) is a 2 by ½ inch, white, plastic safety mechanism that stops the flow of electricity to the motor circuit when a dryer overheats. If the fuse is missing or broken, your dryer will not start. A thermal fuse fails when the exhaust temperature exceeds the fuse rating, that is when the temperature rises above the temperature that the fuse is designed to handle. This can occur when a heating element is shorted, a regulating thermostat or thermister fails, or with a partially restricted exhaust vent. The fuse attaches to the blower wheel housing. It must be replaced when there is no longer continuity between the terminals. This is a one-time fuse, meaning it cannot be re-set. The replacement part features two 3/16 inch terminals. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Heat stays on after drum has stopped Not Heating See more... Installation Instructions ANTHONY from CHESHIRE, CT Dryer was working, but no heat. First I unplugged the dryer, then removed the back panel, this exposed most all of the wiring and I could see the heater coils. Not knowing what the problem was I started looking at the coils and could not see any broken parts. So then checked the thermal fuse for continuity I removed the two wires from it with a small pair of needle nose pliers, it was held in place by two screws, once they were removed the fuse came out easily, I checked continuity with a volt meter placing the meter on X1 Ohms and could not get a reading. I replaced with a new one and put it all back together the way I took it apart. Then I plugged it in and it worked first time, I now have warm dry clothes. Read more... VIDEOS! Your Price $37.64 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Dryer Repair Kit ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 240 Reviews PartSelect Number PS373088 Manufacturer Part Number 4392067 This Whirlpool Dryer Repair Kit is a convenient solution for fixing noise and drum movement problems in 27-inch dryers. Compatible with models from Whirlpool, Kenmore, Maytag, and more, the kit includes a drive belt, drum support rollers, an idler pulley, mounting clips, and a washer. It’s designed for straightforward installation using standard tools, and should only be installed after disconnecting power. Ideal for restoring smooth, quiet dryer performance, this kit combines essential components in one package to save time and effort during repairs. Installation requires disassembling the dryer to replace parts using standard tools. Ensure the dryer is unplugged before starting. This durable OEM kit provides reliable repairs for quieter, more efficient operation. Fixes these symptoms Drum Not Spinning Marks left on clothes Noisy See more... Installation Instructions jason from HOLDEN, MA very loud squeeling sound The issue was the idler pulley. First I began opening up the front panel based on a youtube video but soon realized the model was slightly different and required a lot more items to remove. I saw the pulley in the back with nothing in the way so I put the front panel crap back on and removed the rear panel. There it was, very simple to remove and replace. I'm not looking forward to drum rollers though. Hopefully they're aren't as difficult as they appear. Read more... Your Price $46.02 In Stock Add to cart Kenmore Lower Dishrack Wheel Assembly ★★★★★ ★★★★★ 144 Reviews PartSelect Number PS11750057 Manufacturer Part Number WPW10195417 This gray plastic lower dishrack roller is a part for your dishwasher. It attaches to the bottom of the lower dishrack, allowing it to move in and out smoothly. If the lower dishrack stops moving in and out easily or preventing you from being able to shut the dishwasher door, inspect the dishrack roller for damage. The assembly includes 2 rollers and the bracket that attaches to the dishrack (parts are not sold separately). This assembly is sold individually, so you will need 4 assemblies to replace them all in your appliance. For this easy repair, start by removing the lower dishrack from the appliance and set it on the counter. Use a screwdriver to pry off the old roller assembly from the lower tabs. Align the new part on the dishrack by snapping it in place. Fixes these symptoms Door latch failure Door won’t close Not cleaning dishes properly See more... Installation Instructions Barbara from BETHESDA, MD One of the rollers broke of on the lower dish rack Snapped the old one off and snapped the new one on. Read more... Kenmore Appliance Types Kenmore Dishwasher Parts Back to Top Popular Kenmore Models Below are the most popular Kenmore models we have. Enter your model number in the search box to find your model. Search Need Help Finding Your Model Number? 10650023211 REFRIGERATOR 4317943 Kenmore Refrigerator Model 431.7943 (4317943, 431 7943) Parts 79641262610 WASHER 59672003016 REFRIGERATOR 11061202011 10651133210 REFRIGERATOR 41781122310 DRYER 11065132411 ELECTRIC DRYER 79094142310 ELECTRIC RANGE 79571033010 41741122410 WASHER 79640272900 79681182310 DRYER 79573055410 REFRIGERATOR 10651102110 10659422801 10651123211 REFRIGERATOR 10651103110 10651123210 REFRIGERATOR 25344723100 + View More Back to Top Join Our Mailing List We'll send you expert repair help, discounts, and more! Email Sign Up PartSelect.com Contact About Us Our History Help Privacy Policy CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use Sitemap Careers Do Not Sell / Share My Personal Info Privacy Request PartSelect Canada Free Repair Help Appliance Repair Instant Repairman Dishwasher Dryer Microwave Range / Stove / Oven Refrigerator Washing Machine Find Your Model Number PartSelect Community X YouTube Channel Facebook Page LinkedIn Blog Just For Fun! Why Shop PartSelect Fast Shipping 365 Day Returns Two Million Parts Easier on the Earth Secure Shopping One-Year Warranty Your Guide to OEM Parts Price Match Guarantee All brand logos are trademarks of their respective owners. The PartSelect logo is a Registered Trademark of Atlantic Laundry Centres, Ltd. Copyright © 1999-2026, Eldis Group Partnership. All rights reserved. Enter your email and phone number to get 10% off Fast shipping and expert support for all your DIY repairs. Get on the email list and stay up-to-date with the latest. Email: Sign Up Decline